What a 38 year difference looks like between the Dodge 3500
Threatening letter sent to my great grandpa from the KKK
Our hotel door has a peephole for kids
The Church of the Deaths in Urbania (Italy) displays 18 naturally preserved mummies from the XVI - XIX century period
My local IKEA cable tied the first 2 digits of the display version of this hand reference model
My pint of cookie dough ice cream only had 1 giant piece of cookie dough
Ski rack on a Ferrari. Aspen, CO.
A 32oz shake from Baskin Robbins can have up to 15,800 calories, apparently.
Am I allowed to eat this onion ring?
Paid cash for something and the change given back had not only one, but THREE 2$ bills
The “super-suit” you have to wear in North Queensland to swim in the ocean during summer to avoid the irukandji jellyfish’s deadly sting.
The prop of The One Ring used in close-ups in Lord of the Rings.
Someone lost a shoe at the zoo and created a croc exhibit
Restaurants Taking advantage of people who can't do math
A mint condition 70s era True Glide skateboard.
The men's room at a comedy club warns patrons to not flush underwear
This ladybug trying to lift my finger
My dad wrote to JRR Tolkien in 1959. Tolkien sent him a letter back.
Found this old picture of me with Jim Carrey when he was still on In Living Color.
This thermometer tells you when your prok is dnoe.
How my mom keeps track of her TV shows...
New vs. 1 year serving/bartending in a busy restaurant
My grandpa befriended this Blue Jay and trained him to eat out of his hand.
This neat coffee carrier
A house in a neighborhood by me has a mini horse on their front lawn.
Waiting at the bus stop, Me, Pixelart, 2023
sheep in wolf's clothing, me, pen and ink, 2022.
E r a t o, Oliver Marinkoski, Digital, 2022
Elon Devouring Twitter. Me, digital oil, 2023.
"Feelin' Sentimental," me, Digital, 2023
Iguana, Me, Charcoal, 2022
Change in Two's, Carter Gill, Ink on Paper, 2023
Children of Nyx, by me, digital, 2023
"nude with umbrella" me, Digital, 2023
Gary the Tiny Tooth Fairy, me, oil, 2023
Octopus - Black, Me, Acrylic (Plexiglas) and Resin, 2023
“Golden Hour,” Me, Digital, 2023
CXCI, me, acrylic on canvas, 2023
Untitled, Me, Graphite, 2023
chromecakes, me, digital, 2019
Orange Dragoctopus, Me, polymer clay, 2023
‘House Mural, San Francisco’, nicksirotich/me, acrylic, 2023
Wake Up, Me, Digital, 2023
untitled, me, graphite, 2023
dumbass box, me, acrylic on wood panel 5.5x5.5", 2023
Study of Apollo, me, graphite, 2022
Kanye West giving birth to Kanye West, Jim’ll Paint It, Digital, 2018
Joan of Arc, John Everett Millais, Oil on Canvas, 1865
Darcy, me, charcoal and pencil on paper, 2023
Car wreck, Hany kayal, acrylic paint, 2023
Join The Reddit Sports Discord Server!
Tiger Woods ties consecutive cuts made record at Masters
Cyclist Ethan Boyes dies after being struck in San Francisco
Oilers’ McDavid reaches 150-point milestone against Sharks, first since Mario Lemieux in 1995-96
Brady Ware of the University of Indianapolis pitches a no hitter and hits for the cycle in the same game
Sidney Crosby hits 1,500 point mark Pittsburgh beat Detroit Red Wings, becoming 15th player in NHL history to do so
Double A Rocket City Trash Pandas throw a no hitter and manage to lose the game 7-5
Seattle Kraken clinch first playoff berth
Scary moment as a large tree falls at The Masters
A brilliant reflex catch from Ravindra Jadeja to dismiss Cameron Green in indian premier league
Quinnipiac scores 10 seconds into overtime to win its first NCAA men's hockey title
IPL 2023 : Match 12 : MI vs CSK : CSK's Dwaine Pretorius & Ruturaj Gaikwad make a relay catch to dismiss MI batter Tristan Stubbs
Back-to-back holes-in-ones.17 million to 1 odds
Education Department unveils Title IX transgender sports eligibility rule
Tall pine trees fall near Masters fans; no injuries with second-round play to resume at 8 AM Saturday
Utah's Lauri Markkanen to fulfill mandatory service in Finland
Iga Swiatek says tennis' lack of Russian ban was misstep
5 NFL players are so far confirmed to wear Jersey No. 0 next season: Jaguars WR Calvin Ridley, Giants WR Parris Campbell, Lions WR Marvin Jones, Cowboys S Jayron Kearse, and Titans CB Sean Murphy-Bunting
White Sox's Liam Hendriks rings victory bell after last round of chemotherapy
Former NBA player Ben Gordon arrested on weapons charges in New York
Hendrick drivers Alex Bowman, William Byron penalized by NASCAR
John Elway no longer with Broncos after consultant contract expires
Niklas Edin executes arguably the greatest shot in curling history. (Some explanation in comments)
[WNBA has a problem] UCLA guard Charisma Osborne undeclares for WNBA draft after coach advises team they would get paid better in college and fly charter in school.
Mark Cuban says Mavericks want to re-sign Kyrie Irving despite years of evidence advising against it
What are you watching and what do you recommend? (Week of April 07, 2023)
Lucasfilm President Kathleen Kennedy Says 'Obi-Wan Kenobi' Season 2 Is Not Happening: "We’ll turn our attention to that again maybe down the road”
‘True Detective: Night Country’ Wraps Filming for HBO
Star Wars Series ‘Ahsoka’ Casts Lars Mikkelsen as Fan Favorite Villain Grand Admiral Thrawn
Lawmakers Want Justice Department To Investigate Warner Bros Discovery Merger, Claiming It Harmed Workers And Reduced Content Choice
Rachel Brosnahan Gets Teary Over ‘Maisel’ Ending: “It’s Changed Me in Ways I’ll Probably Be Discovering for a Very Long Time”
‘Star Wars: Tales of the Jedi’ Season 2 Announced
Tiny Beautiful Things Is a Heartfelt Story of Grief, Family, and the Power of Kathryn Hahn
Riot CEO confirms Arcane s2 not coming in 2023
TVLine Performer of the Week: Brian Cox in 'Succession'
‘Ahsoka’ Will Let David Tennant Revisit His Emmy-Winning ‘Star Wars’ Role of Huyang in Live-Action
Succession - Tom talks with a news anchor accused of being a Nazi
‘Squid Game’ Star Hoyeon Says Fame Includes ‘Many Unbelievable Experiences,’ But Also ‘Moments of Self-Doubt’
Irving window roll. Bosch season 4. Lance Reddick
TV Rewind: 'Orphan Black' Was Binge TV At Its Best – The show's outrageously addictive narrative, thoughtful characterizations, and sly social and political commentary make it a modern sci-fi classic and a show that still makes for a fine binge-watch.
The Owl House - Series Finale Discussion Thread | Episode 3x03 - "Watching and Dreaming"
'Andor' Season 2 Premieres August 2024
'Transatlantic' Review: Gillian Jacobs Stars In an Addictive Casablanca-esque Drama
[crosspost] Happy Rex Manning Day! I’m actor Maxwell Caulfield. AMA
Desperate Housewives Season 1 was really special
Ahsoka | Teaser Trailer | August 2023 on Disney+
What TV shows replaced an established character and the result actually improved the show?
‘Sex/Life’ Canceled After Two Seasons On Netflix
Is “The Americans” enjoyable and worth watching?
Do TV shows adjust later episodes based on feedback
All Space Questions thread for week of April 02, 2023
Just learned the space shuttle originally had a white fuel tank but they stopped painting it to save weight.
Found in a box of old newspapers my grandpa saved, finally got around to framing it 54 years later.
3 minute exposure of Friday morning's Falcon 9 launch under a full moon
Mark your calendars! The next Great American Eclipse is 1 year from now!
Relativity's Terran 1 Rocket is mostly 3D-printed. It burns a cryogenic rocket fuel composed of liquid methane and liquid oxygen. In this close-up of a Terran 1 launch, icy chunks fall through the stunning frame as intense blue exhaust streams from its nine Aeon 1 engines. Credit: Relativity
Southern Cross over Chilean Volcano. Credit: Tomáš Slovinský
Full moon of February captured with my 4" telescope and smartphone
A huge black hole is tearing through space, leaving behind a 200,000-light-year-long trail of newborn stars, space scientists say.
Mars helicopter Ingenuity prepares for 50th flight of 5-flight mission
SpaceX's Starship looks amazing stacked for launch in these photos
The Soyuz MS-23 crew ship approaches the International Space Station's Prichal docking module after undocking earlier from the Poisk module. Credit: NASA
Total Solar Eclipse Timelapse
Security cam meteor April 7, 2023 [OC]
SpaceX prepares for rehearsal, test flight of Starship rocket
Using very high magnification through a telescope causes floaters, or particles inside the eyeball, to be more noticeable
NASA's Mars Curiosity Rover Sol 3716 (January 18, 2023)
In 1769 Alexander Wilson used a Gregorian telescope, with a 26 inch focus and 112 power, to observe an extraordinary sunspot. He concluded that it was a vast excavation in the luminous matter of the Sun
RLV-LEX automous landing test by ISRO (longer video)
ULA delays Delta IV Heavy rocket from Florida’s Space Coast
Terrain 1 makes history as the first nearly entirely 3D printed rocket to fly and prove 3D printing is viable by passing Max-Q, the max stress on the rocket. Credit: Relativity
Is this a star or planet?
New photo reveals extent of Centaur V anomaly explosion [Updated]
Save the Holmdel Horn Antenna (Historic Landmark) Petition
Will we ever be able to design a probe to withstand the pressure of getting very deep in Jupiter or Saturns atmosphere?
[Giveaway] Plugable Thunderbolt 4 Quad Dock & Thunderbolt 4 Hub – Intel Thunderbolt 4.
Sony patents a deformable controller that gets hotter and colder while you hold it | Great for sweaty palms
Frequency Comb Breathalyzer Detects Covid with Excellent Accuracy
ChatGPT-powered Furby made for a class project, the modified robot can interface with ChatGPT and give out responses.
Washington Apple Store Robbed of $500,000 in iPhones After Thieves Tunnel Through Coffee Shop Wall
Researchers built sonar glasses that track facial movements for silent communication
Simple 3D-printed sperm-sorting device could help couples conceive
Makita devises a portable and rechargeable microwave
Nintendo offers unlimited free repairs for Joy-Con drift issue in Europe
Sony is developing a handheld, codenamed Q Lite, which will use Remote Play with the PS5 and feature an 8-inch 1080p touchscreen and adaptive triggers
Open garage doors anywhere in the world by exploiting this “smart” device - A universal password. Unencrypted user data and commands. What could go wrong?
Kuo: Apple's AR/VR Headset Announcement is 'Last Hope' for Persuading Investors It Will Be the Next 'Star Product'
Microsoft ground up old CDs to make its new Xbox controller
It’s 50 years to the day since the first cell phone call
A micro-robot the size of a single biological cell has been developed to navigate using both electricity and magnetic fields and can identify and capture a single cell, opening the door to a vast array of applications.
Man tracks stolen suitcase using Apple AirTag, finds suspect wearing clothes
The US military will fight the next big war with Xbox-style video game controllers
Apple Halted M2 Chip Production in January Amid 'Plummeting' Mac Sales
Asus is releasing a Steam Deck competitor
Why Apple and the Carriers Want Your Old iPhone - When you trade in a smartphone, here’s how it gets refurbished and makes companies money
Apple's Tim Cook on why people would want AR and VR: For “connection” and “communication”
Kioxia and WD Unveil World's Fastest 3D NAND Flash Memory
Report: Estimates Say Sony’s PSVR 2 Isn’t Selling Well, May Need Price Cut
Micron & Phison Deliver The Crucial T700 Gen5 SSDs, Fastest On The Planet With Up To 12.4 GB/s Transfer Speeds
Dumb phones are on the rise in the U.S. as Gen Z looks to limit screen time
New Mexico police kill homeowner after showing up at wrong address
Muslim Shrine in Turkey Turns Out to Be Tomb of Ancient Greek Boxer Diagoras from 300 BC
Alcoholic Dog Who Got Addicted to Drinks Left Out by Owner Now Sober
Iran installs cameras to find women not wearing hijab
Tallahassee middle school teacher accused of organizing fight club.
Iowa won't pay for rape victims' abortions or contraceptives
Texas governor seeks to pardon Army sergeant convicted of murder
North Dakota senators vote to boost their own meal reimbursements after rejecting free school lunch bill
Caitlyn Jenner blasts "woke" Nike for making transgender Dylan Mulvaney paid ambassador: "This is an outrage"
Florida teacher fired after asking students to write their own obituaries on day of active shooter drill
Did you tackle a child on Sunday? Local mall apologizes for Easter egg hunt fiasco
Pope Francis says sex is a beautiful thing and it's 'normal' to meet people on Tinder
Fake cop arrested after attempting to pull over real cop, police say
Tesla employees spy on vehicle camera footage for entertainment
China jails man who scared chickens to death
Argentine fans stone own team's bus by mistake ahead of Copa Sudamericana game
Doctor charged with trying to poison husband with Drano was trying to kill ants, lawyer claims
Florida sheriff goes on a wild rant against gun laws while announcing arrests in shootings that killed 3 teenagers
Police impersonator charged after pulling over real cop
Woman at center of Tacoma TB case eludes authorities, reportedly rides bus, visits casino
Moose feasts on lobby plants in Alaska hospital building
Police investigate motorway sightings of giant gorilla statue
Show stopper: Singalong fans ejected, 'Bodyguard' halted
Retired South Wales Police officer carried out breathalyser tests on himself to meet targets
Grocery chains boost profits by charging different prices for the same stuff
Battle #545 "The Watchers" via previous winner, OlBongwater
Operation: Storage Unit
PsBattle: Someone in a medieval beekeeping outfit
PsBattle: Post-neutered dog with non-cone alternative shorts
PsBattle: Seed Pods of the Poinsettia
PsBattle: This spaghetti arranging itself perfectly
PsBattle: cat buried in laundry
PsBattle: This chicken jumping.
PsBattle: This onion ring
PsBattle: Boy jumping over pool
PsBattle: this pretzel kitty
PsBattle: Double D attempting to shoo away a small Dog.
PsBattle: A dog sitting in a chair
PsBattle: a cat standing on a broom
PsBattle: Right before the splash
PsBattle: This rock on Mars
PsBattle: This fire hydrant with googly eyes
PsBattle: this cherry tomato
PsBattle: Girl at eye exam
PsBattle: Scared Kitty
PsBattle: This resting Echidna
PsBattle: Old man bailing on a skateboard
PsBattle: Basketball at park
PsBattle: Abandoned show clearing train.
PsBattle: Easter Bunny with severed mannequins in suits
[REQUEST] Megathread. Post info, requests and questions here, help people
We Uncovered the Corporations Bringing Back Child Labor in America (2023) [00:08:37]
America’s Worst Con Man: Dr. Oz (2023) - How Dr. Oz lies to his audience [00:13:08]
Meet the Bank Robbers of Beirut (2023) - People in Lebanon are forcing banks to give them the money of their own accounts. [0:08:39]
This Film Is Not Yet Rated (2006) - A documentary about the censorship imposed by the MPAA's rating system. (CC) [01:37:48]
A Long Four Years (2023) - A Documentary on a young man his mom trying to survive being homeless in the suburbs of Chicago. [01:08:16]
The Performer (1959) Get to know the life of a Canadian artist in the mid-20th century through interviews with Celia Franca, Oscar Peterson, and Christopher Plummer, and other domestic luminaries. [00:58:03]
156.4K Miles of Dying Towns | Abandoned (2023) - Canada’s east coast is scattered with dead and dying fishing towns. From kids on ATVs to angry caribou, Rick finds there's still plenty of life left in these remote communities. [00:43:55]
Adult Swim's Least 'Adult Swim' Show (2023) [00:13:37]
Counter-Intelligence: IV - Necrophilous (2013) - Shining a light on black operations through an examination of torture, war crimes, and the abuses of authority that occur during times of protest and war. How the intelligence establishment influences governments and society. [01:56:54]
Lightning: Electric Skies (1995) - Talks about how it works and safety tips (Recent upscale from VHS source) [00:50:59]
The Fields of Immokalee (2020) - Undocumented on South Florida's tomato farms [00:29:51]
Hidden In Plain Sight - San Pasqual Valley, California (2023) [00:19:12]
Potatoes: South America's Gift to the World - Ancient Americas (2022) [00:25:22]
The Private Detective Who Spied on Hollywood (2022) Anthony Pellicano built a reputation as a tough guy who could make his powerful Hollywood clients’ enemies go away - until he was arrested for weapons charges as well as racketeering, wiretapping, and other crimes [00:30:01]
The Rise Of A Japanese Icon - The Bob Sapp Story (2023) [00:40:31]
The Life And Times Of John Holmes (1998) [01:45:23]
HAM (2022) - A short documentary that follows a group of Montanan amateur radio enthusiasts that show the loyal community of amateur radio, explore what it means to be a ham, and how they are trying to keep the hobby alive [00:25:48]
Isle of Flowers (1989) - Fast-talking polemic on money capitalism and the failure of the human imagination. The critique is an educational treatise on the food chain, consumerism, injustice, and how free markets operate. Considered one of the 100 most important shorts of the century. [00:13:09]
Presidential Trains (1998) - The History Channel - Starting with Andrew Jackson's first trip from Ellicotts Mills, Maryland, to Baltimore in 1833 -- a 13-mile, half-hour trip, and ending with President Clinton's use of the Georgia 300 as his presidential car in the campaign of 1996. [00:46:21]
Money Men (2023) The $30 billion tech darling Wirecard's multi-billion-dollar fraud, how Europe's biggest new tech darling was exposed as the biggest fraud in Germany and the European Enron, uncovering fake bank accounts, fake offices, and a shady history with porn, money laundering [00:14:19]
The State of Polka (2023) - A look at the past, present, and potential future of polka music in Minnesota (CC) [00:26:46]
Nations at War: Haida Nation (2017) - Referred to as the Vikings of the Americas, they were the Americas first sea power. Haida were known for their craftsmanship, trading skills, and seamanship. They are thought to have frequently carried out raids and to have practised slavery. [00:43:03]
Ahimsa and Environment (2022) - Making Peace With Nature [01:07:15]
Zero Point Energy (2015) Mark McCandlish and the Fluxliner [01:30:00]
Music Melting Pot [Week of April 03, 2023]
The Flatliners - It'll Hurt [punk rock] (2022)
Leuchtstoff - Einfach Sein [German New Wave] (2021)
ROS SEREYSOTHEA - JUM NAO THAE JUM [Psychedelic Rock / Bossa Nova] (1965)
Above, Below - Scorpion [Metalcore] (2022)
ichikoro - Enemy [Jazz Fusion] (2020)
Costigan - Pillow Talking On The Beach [Instrumental] (2023)
The Groundhogs - Garden [UK ; Blues Rock / Hard Rock / Psychedelic Rock] (1970)
Betterov - Dussmann [Post Punk / Indie Rock] (2021)
Johnny Vicious ‎- - New York In The Mix Full Album [House/Electronic] (1996)
Lucy - Break Even [minimal techno bedroom micro pop] (2015)
Holysseus Fly -- Within The Water [Downtempo/Soul] (2023)
E Nomine -- Himmel oder Hölle [dance/techno] (1999)
The Boozers - Rip Out Your Heart [Hardcore Punk] (1997)
Tzarbombah - 5G Melted My Brain [garage punk] (2022)
Capsule - Feelin' Alright [electronic] (2012)
Labelle - Playing at the End of the Universe [Electronic / Maloya] (2017)
SMZB (生命之饼) - 海鸥之歌 (The Song of the Seagull) [Punk] (2016) Punk part starts at 5:00
Sharp Knives - Fill The Father [Punk / Anarcho / Folk] (2023)
Brooks Paxton - When I See You [Lounge/Pop] (1977)
Me and My Friends - Before I Saw The Sea [Brazilian Jazz] (2023)
Clementine - "Stone" [indie rock/ emo] (2022)
Midnight Reruns - "King Of Pop" [indie rock/pop] (2013)
Beyond the Ghost - Last Call [Dark Ambient / Jazz] (2021)
Gold Fir -- Fatal Fantasies [Dance-Pop/Dancehall] (2019)
YouTube links & Crossposts are now banned in r/GetMotivated
[IMAGE] We Must Learn To Be Disciplined
[IMAGE] The Race Is Long
[image] Who is showing up with me tomorrow?
[image]
[image] Reminder
[Image] - Embarrassment is the cost of entry
[Image] 💙
[Image] "You either quit or keep going. They both hurt."
Agree or disagree? [discussion]
[Image] Guiding your way out.
[Discussion] I will be 32 in June, is it too late to switch careers completely? To a completely unrelated field that I have no professional qualifications in? I will be working alongside teenagers and college students so I will be by far the oldest one there.
Are you tired of being held captive by your fears? [Discussion]
[Image] "You are in danger of living a life so comfortable and soft, that you will die without ever realizing your true potential.” ~ David Goggins
[Image] Be in a stram and go with the flow
[image] The strongest mother is the one who knows that her strength comes from loving unconditionally. Shoutout to all the mothers.
[Discussion] Has anyone read both “Flow” & “Essentialism”?
[image]
[Image]I saw this here on reddit 2 years ago and held on to it from then on
[Article] I STRUGGLED with my daily productivity until I calculated my Biological Prime Time
[Image] Forget the rest, do your best!
[Article] Overcoming Social Anxiety: Tips for Feeling More Comfortable in Social Situations
[Image] I hope you win!
[Tool] I was surprised to learn about why I get distracted and there's actually a way to stop
[Image] Do not waste your time!
Disney+ Adds Indigenous Language Dubs Of “Lion King”, “Moana” &”Bambi”
Black unemployment rate hits record low
Oregon Zoo welcomes three rare flying fox bat babies
Scientists Find Rare Earth Elements Reserve In Andhra Pradesh: Report
New Jersey Governor Declares State a 'Safe Haven' for Gender-Affirming Care
New law bans gas chambers for euthanasia at Ohio animal shelters
Mother and baby reunited in Turkey nearly two months after earthquake
US says Russia committed ‘crimes against humanity’ in Ukraine
Library Receives Flood Of Donations For Beloved Cat
Chart: The US got more electricity from renewables than coal last year
Ghanian Enginerring Student turns plastic waste into fuel
From prisoner to dog trainer: Man gets second chance with help from former California Governor Jerry Brown
[VIDEO AND GALLERY] Binational park activists gathered at the border wall
A Cobra Appeared Mid-Flight. The Pilot’s Quick Thinking Saved Lives.
The US’ first commercial offshore wind farm kicks off turbine construction off the coast of Long Island's South Fork
How a dog and a kitten got rescued
No more federal student loan interest in Canada!
Cybercrime marketplace Genesis Market shut by FBI, international law enforcement
Minnesota becomes sanctuary state for trans people
Missing 7-year-old boy from Arlington Heights located in downtown LA
Novel treatment shows promise against rare cancer in kids
Ocean Cleanup removes 200,000th kilogram of plastic from the Pacific Ocean
First-of-its-kind mRNA treatment could wipe out a peanut allergy
Maine woman replaces boy's stolen bicycle, inspires others to give
Finland becomes 31st member of NATO, doubling the alliance's border with Russia
TIFU by by being deaf in a bathroom
TIFU by ratting my college roommate because he cheated on his long-distance girlfriend for four years.
TIFU by telling my husband I liked a pair of earrings
TIFU by serving asparagus at our Easter party
TIFU by mistaking my FWB's seizure for sleeping walking.
TIFU by letting a tow truck in
TIFU by flushing my airpod
TIFU by sleeping with my ex
TIFU by trying to be nice and removing my purse from a chair
TIFU by warning my friend not to take a seat, because „colored people just sat there“
TIFU by Forgetting to Clear My Search History
TIFU by spilling my cup
TIFU by parodying the Mario movie
TIFU by walking my dog
TIFU by letting pain cloud my senses
TIFU by implying to a shop full of people that I eat Guinea pigs
TIFU by ordering the wrong pizza
TIFU by throwing Easter egg foil in the toilet.
TIFU: I had a literal dream scenario shot with a girl tonight and literally ran away
TIFU by taking a shit while on a Teams class.
TIFU by trying to get my deaf dog used to fire.
TIFU by ignoring my wife's concern and speeding past a hidden policeman in the Thai jungle
TIFU by missing an email and turned A 2 pages assignment into a 60 pages disaster
TIFU by having a pathetic short term memory
TIFU by electrocuting myself.
I've created a website that provides with a condensed, curated and real time feed of the news from all the most popular news sites using AI.
Advanced Search for YouTube
There are two eyes watching you. Now you can draw something around them: a funny face, a cute animal or a scary monster.
I've created a Personal Page builder that showcases your best content, inspires visitors to join your audience, subscribe to your service, or buy your stuff - No code required
Neocities - a revival of '90s Geocities
I found a website Curiosity Of The Day and learn a new fact
Website to see all the countries and streaming services where a movie or tv show is available in one page. Useful for VPN users and streamers.
Beautiful Collection of Cool Symbols and Fancy Text [No Ads]
Record and Transcribe Speech, 100% client-side/private
Setups: A Skateboarding Product Database
I made ChatJesusPT.com. An alternative to prayer.
I made a site that mixes live air traffic control with lofi hip hop
I made a seasonal website garden with web-native plants (html elements) that grow day over day
Minimal, 3-D
Polotno: A completely free Canva alternative. No ads. No subscriptions.
After a heart-breaking breakup, I made a simple beautiful straightforward journaling app - memoiri
GRID WORLD by Alexander Miller
AI Home Exterior Design Tool
Crystal ball
Dumb Or Overly Forced Astronomical Acronyms Site (or DOOFAAS)
A tool to "talk" to your favourite books and authors. Get quick summaries if you don't have enough time to read all the books on your to-do list!
Random Quotations | Thousands of Quotes to Explore!
Web port of Encarta97/98 interactive languages
Iceberger: Draw an iceberg and see how it will float
I made a website to interact with all OpenAI GPT models. [no-login-required]
Weekly History Questions Thread.
Bookclub and Sources Wednesday!
Experts reveal digital image of what an Egyptian man looked like almost 35,000 years ago
The weapons of the Landknechts
Ancient Egyptian pit of severed hands 'could be evidence of battle ritual’
Shackleton’s Expedition to Antarctica on The Endurance: The photographic journey of one of the greatest survival stories ever told, 1914-1917
Benin Bronzes are made of brass manillas that originated from the German Rhineland, between the 15th and 18th centuries
The Katzbalger sword
Research shines new light on the Stone of Destiny
Truman’s Secret Plea to Eisenhower: Take My Job
Spanish horses were deeply integrated into Indigenous societies across western North America, by 1599 CE — long before the arrival of Europeans in that region
The fundamentals of Renaissance and Early Modern Pike warfare
Supernatural beliefs have featured in every society throughout history. New research helps explain why
19th Century Plaster Casts from Pompeii Tell the Story of Tragedy
Ancient African empires’ impact on migration revealed by genetics
The Epic Story of the March of the Ten Thousand Greek Hoplites
Evidence for early yak milk consumption by Mongolian Elites
Hi r/History I am Internationally Renowned Historian and Archaeologist Graham Hancock, Ask Me Anything
New radiocarbon and ceramic evidence dates the destruction of Zincirli, Türkiye, to late 17th century BCE — with implications for the start of the Late Bronze Age, and the rise of empires
AMA Announcement: r/History is pleased to announce that distinguished Historian and Archaeologist Graham Hancock will be joining us for an AMA later today
This Zurich bar was once a meeting place for a secret gay society
Weekly History Questions Thread.
Clues to the Lives of North America’s First Inhabitants Are Hidden Underwater
Proper and improper restoration; featuring a 15th century dagger.
Ancient DNA reveals that southwest Asian migrants from Persia intermingled with African people along the Swahili coast, around 1000 CE — findings that align with the oldest Swahili oral stories
r/Futurology's Official Discord - A relaxed place to chill and discuss all things Futurology.
Suddenly, the US is a climate policy trendsetter. In a head-spinning reversal, other Western nations are scrambling to replicate or counter the new cleantech manufacturing perks. ​“The U.S. is very serious about bringing home that supply chain. It’s raised the bar substantially, globally.”
Walmart's US CEO tells workers not to worry about their jobs despite announcing a major push into store automation
Cancer, heart disease and autoimmune disease vaccines will be 'ready by end of the decade'.
Scientists Working Hard To Replace Li-Ion Cells With Water-Based Batteries in the Future
Researchers Have Developed an Incredible New Method of Producing Realistic Holograms
People around the globe are so dependent on the internet to exercise socio-economic human rights such as education, healthcare, work, and housing that online access must now be considered a basic human right, a new study reveals.
China invites Venezuela to join moon base project
The Mk-II Aurora Space Plane takes first flight under rocket power. The NZ-based company wants to launch rockets from 100 km altitude, launching 250 kg payloads into LEO via an expendable second-stage rocket.
Architects Want to Print the Buildings of the Future
How do you prepare for AI’s Impact on White-Collar Jobs: Personal Strategies
China has carried out the first test of a Stirling Engine in space. NASA too is investigating Stirling Engines, which may be used to power deep space exploration or Lunar/Martian bases
Cancer and heart disease vaccines ‘ready by end of the decade’
Does human level AGI really benefit the society?
‘Mind-reading’ AI: Japan study sparks ethical debate | Technology News
Humans in Humans Out: On GPT Converging Toward Common Sense in both Success and Failure
As AI weaponry enters the arms race, America is feeling very, very afraid | John Naughton
UK grid: March sees record-breaking 83% zero-carbon electricity
The US' first commercial offshore wind farm kicks off turbine construction
Scientists are One Step Closer to Quantum Internet - A team of researchers from the Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin and the Ferdinand-Braun-Institut has succeeded in generating photons with stable frequencies emitted from quantum light sources.
What is preventing the mass adoption of 3D printing for home construction?
New study reports 1 in 5 adults don't want children, and they don't regret it later
The Priests of a Data Religion
The most important skill you need for the future
Technology Advancing Human Evolution?
Welcome to /r/philosophy! Check out our rules and guidelines here.
/r/philosophy Open Discussion Thread | April 03, 2023
On whether assisted death should be available for intractable mental illnesses
The meaning of Husserl's "Phenomenological Reduction"
The best answer I have heard as to why study Plato ... "it sets you free of the burden of ideas you've inherited over the years which govern and control your life"
On Choosing Belief – Letter to Peter Boghossian (Part 1)
Fearing uncertainty is a straight road to nihilism but embracing the uncertainty of life with curiosity can set us free.
'Qualia is an artifact of bad theorizing' -- Daniel Dennett
The Philosophy of Shadow the Hedgehog: How Shadow's Origin and Story Explores Essentialism, Existentialism, and Nietzche's Ideal of the Ubermensch
Three Kantian Strands in Frege’s View of Arithmetic
Orwell, Camus and truth: On honesty as an attitude
It is difficult to literally live like Philosopher Immanuel Kant. Here is why.
The Utilitarian's Toolkit
Consciousness first — The ultimate good and how we can navigate the near-term future
On Radical Honesty
"Severance," Identity and Work
Post-Humanism: An Introduction
The Hard Problem of Feelings
Cats, babies, and chatbots do not judge us for our sins. But socialising with machines makes us more vulnerable and lonely.
Our ancient ancestors' diet has become a battleground for 21st century identity. Carnivores, Paleos and vegans each claim legitimacy from their image of our ancient ancestors. This argument despite invoking our evolutionary past is not evolutionary; it is essentialist
The brewer, the yeast, and the boundaries of human agency
Objet petit a is a concrete universal | The antinomy of the cause-of-desire
Sidgwick’s The Methods of Ethics: A Guide
The Philosopher Who Believes in Living Things: Jane Bennett argues that the stuff that surrounds us isn’t inert—it has a will of its own
Non-Human Animals: Crash Course Philosophy
Mike Tyson enjoying powdered donuts at a house party (1988)
My family on a camping trip in the Canadian Rockies 1970
The Notorious B.I.G. freestyling in Brooklyn at age 17 (1989)
Frank Zappa & Dee Snider at PMRC Senate Hearing (September 19 1985)
Elizabeth Shue in Adventures in Babysitting. June 19th, 1987
Bring back this hairstyle please 1980s
My dad camping in Oregon in the late 80’s
Creepy, Funny, Scary and Disturbing Easter Bunnies from the 1950s to the 90s
Young couple swing dancing in the 1940s
Photo of me taken by my Mother, early 1980s
Jerry Stiller and Anne Meara, 1970.
My Gran, 1942. Queen of Osiris Krewe - one of the Mardi Gras that didn’t happen.
Mom shingling our geodesic dome outside Tucson, 1971
Jennifer Connelly and David Bowie in Labyrinth. Came out June 27th, 1986
My Great Grandfather in the Roaring 20s
My grandfather, 1969
Harlem's African-American community out to protest the Vietnam war, 1967.
Switchboard operator (Helen) in Glacier National Park, Montana, 1925
My grandfather taking a selfie in the shoe department. Macy's New York. 1950's.
Miki Berenyi of Lush (1990s)
90s times
1957, Buddy Holly
Ian McKellan, 1960s
Me,Summer of’77.
Re-post from r/pics: A 19 year old Sofia Vergara - 1991
30-Day Challenge #4: Update your resume, get an internship, keep your wardrobe updated, or ask for a raise! (April, 2023)
Weekend Help and Victory Thread for the week of April 07, 2023
Pay off house in 5 years or retirement and pay off in 8-10?
Landlord requires ssn on rental application before viewing house
Is a better college worth the money?
Did We Buy Too Much House?
Was a mistake made with my tax filing?
Withdrawing Roth IRA contributions without penalty
If my wages, tips, other compensating on my w2 box shows $57k and my agreed salary with the company is $60k, am I missing something or was underpaid?
Spent my savings but have a second chance to save late in life
How do you strike balance between tax advantaged retirement accounts, and a brokerage account for other goals?
When to replace a car?
Cash in no-penalty CD vs HYSA
Is the financial advisor churning my mother in-laws retirement account?
PayTaxUsa - dispute the payment over ~1.7k tax due because wrong social security number
Mr. Cooper failed to pay my home insurance (Liberty Mutual) and my policy of 10 years was cancelled. Now Liberty Mutual won't rewrite the policy for me based on "data from my location."
Would I be stupid to stop saving aggressively now?
Received a surprising letter concerning debt from September 2017
How do I succeed at investing?
Determining Qualification for Roth/Traditional IRA
Filing taxes - two W2s from 2 different companies and states
Way for spouse to track the credit card balance as an authorized user?
Rollover investment suggestion
Advice on whether to pay off a smaller credit card versus larger payment to higher balance card
Rollover After-Tax 401k to IRAs and then Back to 401k?
[OT] Fun Trope Friday, Writing with Tropes: Antagonist-Turned-Ally & Young Adult / Romance
[OT] SatChat: Do you write in consistent styles across prompts? (New here? Introduce yourself!)
[WP] You're an actor famous for playing a god on stage. That god is now at your front door asking if you could cover for them while they go on holiday.
[EU] The Toys of Andy's room were surprised when he started bringing home new toys that had to be assembled and painted by hand. They were excited to meet the newcomers, but these "Space Marines" didn't play nice with others...
[WP] A hero and villain put aside their differences so that they can spend time with their kids in daycare
[WP] "I am the Lorax; I speak for the trees. And for some fucking reason, they're speaking Vietnamese."
[WP] You go to hell, but Satan tells you he’ll send you to heaven if you can beat him in one game of your choice
[WP] “Detective, not to disrespect your job or anything, but I’d highly recommend against it. The one who lives in that house can…do things. Unnatural things. We’ve learned to leave it be; I suggest you do the same.”
[WP] Every 1000 years all of the Gods get together for a contest to see who can collect the most souls with a single catastrophic event. Last time Poseidon broke the 1M mark with a Tsunami/earthquake combo. You’re up.
[WP] Every time you get in a vehicle your GPS automatically routes you someplace. You've always ignored it and gone about your day. Today, however, you decide to follow it's directions.
[WP] A stray lightning bolt reactivates an ancient warbot on a long forgotten battlefield.
[WP] You are an almost immortal elf having found tranquility caring for your pet dragon and reading magical books, when a person claiming to be the hero comes and asks you to join hin on his/her quest to save humanity.
[WP] You are a social worker who specializes in magical girls.
[WP] This is it, the moment that made you decide your paycheck really wasn't worth the hassle this job entailed.
[WP] A person stuck in a time loop actually enjoys the loop. They don't have to worry about tomorrow, about death, about making mistakes, about making others disappointed, etc. The entity that started the loop in the first place desperately tries to convince them it's bad.
[WP] A painter sits alone in the middle of a warzone, surrounded by corpses. A brush in hand, she gets to work.
[OT] Friendly reminder to posters that you are not writing the story. You are presenting a premise.
[WP] The King feeds his people to the dragon; but he got it wrong. The dragon doesn’t gain power by eating people, but by protecting them.
[WP] A company sells fake "chosen one prophecies" that buyers can assign to others as a prank. With props, actors, and illusions, they drag the "chosen ones" on wild goose chases.
[WP] Your grandma gives you her prized posession- an old locket. You don't think much of it until, before going to bed, you look in the mirror and your grandma is there! She copies your every move...until you touch the mirror...
[SP] wizard student is peer pressured into trying dark magic at a party
[WP]You are a shapeshifting immortal monstorsity, considered more dangerous then several thousand nukes - there is only one thing that can contain you safely, a warm and welcoming adoptive family.
[SP] the Main Character Wields a bucket for a weapon
[WP] "I am the proud Captain of this ship, and i will not be demeaned by your human games" "that may be, Sir. But does the good boy want the ball?"
[WP] In a world where people cannot see their own reflection, you are hired as a "mirror".
[Topic][Open] Open Discussion Thread — Anybody can post a general visualization question or start a fresh discussion!
[OC] Maximum Age versus Average Age of Humans, 1955 to 2023
Ocean surface temperatures are at a record high: Average daily sea surface temperature, 60S to 60N
In 2022, there were approximately 8 homicides per 100,000 inhabitants in El Salvador. Since 2015, when it stood at 103, the murder rate has been dropping annually. Currently, El Salvador has a lower homicide rate than Costa Rica, Puerto Rico and Colombia.
I've Analyzed 40192 comments from the current top 100 hot posts of r/amitheasshole. Here are the most frequently used 2-word phrases [OC]
W.E.B. Dubois infographics from the 1900 Worlds Fair in Paris (Cooper Hewitt Museum in NYC)
[OC] CTA 2022 Ridership - Highlights Graphic
[OC] Comparison between Human Development Index and Total Fertility Rate by Country and Income Group in 2020
[OC] The Highs and Lows of Popular Comedy Shows
Visualising my fridge's cooling cycles [OC]
Mapped: Biggest Sources of Electricity by State and Province
[OC] 40 years of monthly rainfall + 25 years of drought & floods in Somalia
Bitten by the Numbers-Shocking Snakebite Statistics by State
[OC] What do AskReddit's top 25 best written female protagonists tell us?
Even with today’s slowdown, profit growth remains a big driver of inflation in recent years: Corporate profits have contributed to more than a third of price growth
[OC] I was unhappy that none of the maps on election night for the Chicago mayoral runoff showed how much the candidates won by in each precinct so I made one myself.
2023 Master's Purse Distribution
2023-04-07 13:56:33 - Analyzed 7727 comments from the current top 200 hot posts of r/conservative[OC]
[OC] The Weight of the Largest Animals Seen on Land in North America
U.S. migration trends from 2010-2020
The global population over 300 years on Vimeo
Arsenal’s Performance Compared Season By Season
[OC] Correlation between education and importance of religion
[OC] Outside the US, Ecuador is the largest country to use the dollar as its official currency. Ecuador's journey since "dollarization" to mounting debt.
[OC] Anheuser-Busch's 2022 Income Statement Visualized with a Sankey Diagram. Additionally, Volume of Beer to Revenue by Geographical Area. Happy Friday!
March 2023 contest nominations and a change in voting guidelines
February 2023 Winners!
UPDATE: My boyfriend has an unhealthy interest in my son, and I don’t know what to do about it.
When in the infinite subway, if you smell salt, run as fast as you can
When I was a child, a strange boy rescued me from my kidnapper.
My friend sent me an online quiz and its questions became unsettling
Advice from a marine researcher: Stay away from dead whales that washed ashore. They might be hiding something terrible.
I made a wish and and now I can’t lose
I hate working at the gas station, especially after discovering its dark secret.
I'm Starting to Think My Patient's Imaginary Friend is Real
We found something in a crashed meteorite. What was contained within could destroy life as we know it.
I live on a farm that is still very much in touch with its pagan origins, and I'd like to share some of my stories (part 6)
I work for an organisation that captures demons… This is a true story
The entity in my basement
We worked as mechanics for a secretive facility, it was the perfect job until I saw it one night.
Don’t fall asleep
The Smiling Wolf of Yellowstone...
Polaroid
Do You Believe In Santa?
After 6 years of working as park ranger I quit, here’s why.
Prom
I've been seeing a lady in white my entire life. Today, I finally met her.
The “thing” downstairs
Minutes, hours, days, months, years.
I don't think I'm normal, and I'm scared [Final]
Introducing Community Awards to r/Creepy!
"mpty", made by xrev_v (me)
Dust Bunny (OC)
90s bubblegum clown tattoo
Turnip Head [oc]
“The Howler” by me.
Obscure, me, 2023
The Sanctuary!
08/04/23
Bloody Roses
"The Grass-Toucher 2.0" by me
Trying to be better.
A Lovecraftian bas relief I made.
Happy Good Friday (OC)
Original concept art for a Splicer in Bioshock. Certainly a lot more disturbing than the final product.
Skeleton rider in my sketchbook
The Clicker my OC
Shrugganath sketch.
ertrgcrewchfgvbrterfgvdgfhnbgf
"Abyssal Warlord 3.0" by me
👽 (oc)
Shelob
Night Friends [oc]
"Damaged Goblin" by me
Red Door
[MINI FAQ] Do I have to be a woman to participate here? What about the subreddit name? What about trans women? What are the rules, anyway?
A USAF Commander sent an SA victims personally identifiable information, including her full SSN, date of birth, place of birth, current address, etc, to the man she accused of assaulting her – They aren’t going to tell her.
Do you guys feel like single mothers often get blamed for being a single mother rather than the guy being blamed for making her a single mother?
Well, Texas did it. They pushed both me and my partner to become permanently sterilized.
My dad really just… disappoints me.
My FWB ghosted me after I refused to have sex without a condom
I Got Approached By A Male Grocery Employees In The Bathroom
My cousin made my dad cry, something I've literally only seen him do once
Texas Republicans Try to Break the Internet to Deny Women Abortions
Really tired of male friends mistaking kindness for interest
Trying to get help to an Australian 15 year old about to be forced into FGM
Can we talk about "women can't consent" undertones in the Texas Judge's ruling?
I was downvoted to hell for pointing out the misogyny in the Star Wars fandom
Why do conservatives need to opress people to "live their way of life" ?
Federal judge rules to freeze use of abortion pill nationwide
LEGAL SCHOLARS: Actually, One Texas Judge Is Not the Final Decision-Maker on Medication Abortion
Iowa Will No Longer Pay For Rape Victims' Abortions Or Contraceptives
Dueling rulings: A Washington judge forbade the FDA from removing the abortion drug mifepristone from shelves — directly contradicting Texas' ruling
I'm tired of being called "ugly" because of my short hair.
Men "fact-checking" women even if they know nothing about a subject.
Okay, maybe it's time we do something about doctors refusing women care
Access to abortion pill in limbo after competing rulings
Iran installs cameras to find women not wearing hijab
Dating advice for men vs women be like:
Isn't the ruling in Texas setting a dangerous precedent
Got a tech question or want to discuss tech? Bi-Weekly /r/Technology Tech Support / General Discussion Thread
Maggie Rogers selling concert tickets in person: ‘F – – k bots + f – – k fees’
There’s a new form of keyless car theft that works in under 2 minutes - As car owners grow hip to one form a theft, crooks are turning to new ones.
Scientists Working Hard To Replace Li-Ion Cells With Water-Based Batteries in the future
Robot helps spread Buddhist teachings at a Kyoto temple
Researchers Find an Antibody that Targets Omicron and Other SARS-CoV-2 Variants
The untapped power of ocean winds—why New Zealand is looking offshore for future renewable energy
Absolute Zero Is Attainable? Scientists Have Found a Quantum Formulation for the Third Law of Thermodynamics
A New Wave of Online Harassment and Misinformation Campaigns are Targeting Sikhs
The newest version of ChatGPT passed the US medical licensing exam with flying colors — and diagnosed a 1 in 100,000 condition in seconds
Open-source AI: LAION proposes to openly replicate GPT-4 – a public call
Space-based Nasa instrument launched to track pollution over North America
Apple Card Has Cost Goldman Sachs Over $1 Billion in Losses
Stanford Medicine-led study finds heart shape can predict cardiac disease
SpaceX will conduct a Starship launch rehearsal next week — The company is waiting on regulatory approval for the rocket's first orbital test flight
The signs of heart disease your phone can spot
Quantum computers can't teleport things—yet
Walmart to add EV chargers to thousands of US stores
Computer scientists designing the future can’t agree on what privacy means
Dangerous exhaust particles ‘evading vehicle cleanup systems’
Cancer and heart disease vaccines ‘ready by end of the decade’
‘The miracle that disrupts order’: mathematicians invent new ‘einstein’ shape
Avoid using free public phone charging stations, FBI Denver warns
Washington Apple Store Robbed of $500,000 in iPhones After Thieves Tunnel Through Coffee Shop Wall
Biocomputers - an alternative to quantum computing?
