/r/AdviceAnimals rules: Please read before submitting or commenting
Y'all got any more of that sanity?
Ah, Uvalde police.
This might be more unfair than how we view perfectly nice women named Karen.
indeed
With the increase of holiday traffic..
The governor wants tourists to pay more to vacation in Florida
Bass and crappy auto-tune sounds so good from two doors down
Your headlights are blinding everyone
Not a Good Time to Deal with Shaq
No one is more disgusted with me than me.
How Reddit feels about fat people.
Its been 3 years.
Sad but true
The state of TN is racist??? No way, they would never do anything racist in TN. (I used to live in TN there are a ton of great, welcoming people there, but this stuff is messed up)
It's All Pronouns and Rainbows
Thanks Kid Rock!
GOP passing unconstitutional laws and expelling lawmakers over a peaceful protest
How I feel about life.
it's impossible!
How do solve a problem like a Chihuahua?
Well, that worked out.
The Triggering
To the guy who didn't tip me because "in the grand scheme of things, his $5 wouldn't matter"...
Don't Just Adjust Your Headlights or They will STILL Blind Everyone
New to r/Fitness? CLICK HERE FIRST!
Daily Simple Questions Thread - April 08, 2023
Gym Story Saturday
Physique Phriday
Daily Simple Questions Thread - April 07, 2023
Daily Simple Questions Thread - April 06, 2023
Is water aerobics good for muscle gain and body toning?
Rant Wednesday
Daily Simple Questions Thread - April 05, 2023
Daily Simple Questions Thread - April 04, 2023
Moronic Monday - Your weekly stupid questions thread
Similar conditioning workouts to sandbag tosses and sled pull/pushes?
Victory Sunday
Daily Simple Questions Thread - April 02, 2023
Is running through shallow seawater a good idea?
How do you afford a high protein diet in a cost of living crisis?
Better pec shape question
Can you do planks on a bed?
To those of you who are fit and consistently work out…
Target heart rate zone?
Calorie Track
Simple Heart Rate Monitor
Would like some help in fixing up and balancing my routine.
Pain in sartorius muscles during split squat.
How I finally achieved perfect form pushups
The size that ammonites could assume 400 million years ago
You know a deer is tough when it can walk around with a gunshot wound you can see through.
Crazy Bird Tornado
Interesting
Rv on fire on 405fwy
Uh.
I really hate repeative sounds
This is creepier than one of the creepy Michael Jackson pics I've seen.
The cow definitely had a vendetta against the man…
Just a Kid creating some solid core memories during an enjoyable circus performance
It is officially the 70th week anniversary of *my* ceiling fan falling out of place and nearly destroying my room.
Found this in an Emergency Room parking lot.
WTF Is that...?
I wonder how often this happens.
Hmmm...
No the stadium is not on fire during a Feyenoord football match (soccer)
The aftermath of a Turkish hair transplant
The mother of all Potholes
Man survives 19 story fall
Terrifying hiking path alongside vertical cliff in Switzerland
Hoegh Osaka cargo ship, after it ran aground on a sand bank off Cowes, England.
Nature is full of surprises
Man narrowly escapes laundromat machine explosion
Thought this was a sweet little cocoon, wtf is this thing.
Maybe he grew up in there
Saturday Morning Political Cartoon Thread
Gov. Greg Abbott announces he will pardon Daniel Perry who was convicted of murder
Biden approves Gov. Sanders' request for 100% federal funding
Teachers Can’t Misgender Trans Students for Religious Reasons, Appeals Court Says. The ruling has major implications for classrooms around the country.
Abortion was a 50/50 issue. Now, it’s Republican quicksand.
A Missouri county won't work with the ATF, claiming the federal agency is ‘unconstitutional’
Democrats ask chief justice to investigate Clarence Thomas trips: ‘It is your duty’
With Dueling Rulings, Abortion Pill Cases Appear Headed to the Supreme Court
Majority of Nashville council members say they will vote to reinstate expelled legislator
AOC says she will draft impeachment letters for Thomas if other lawmakers do not
'It Is Your Duty': Dem Lawmakers Urge Chief Justice to Probe Clarence Thomas Secret Trips
Warning signs flash for Republicans on abortion ahead of 2024
AOC says she may draft Clarence Thomas impeachment article if no one else does
Ron DeSantis takes aim at Disney, vows to void Florida theme park development agreement
Abbott calls for pardon of Daniel Perry after guilty murder verdict
Children Are Not Property: The ideas that underlies the right-wing campaign for “parents’ rights.”
TikTok ban bill is so broad it could apply to nearly any type of tech product
Kamala Harris praises courage of ‘Tennessee Three’ on visit to Nashville
Report: Florida officials cut key data from vaccine study
North Dakota Senate Votes To Expand Free Meals For Its Members — And Not For Kids
Opinion: Wisconsin sends an undeniable warning to the GOP
The Clarence Thomas scandal isn’t about breaking the law: It shows how broken ethics standards are on the Supreme Court
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Lambastes Tennessee GOP For 'Naked Abuse Of Power'
Uvalde parent forcibly removed from school as students protest gun violence
North Dakota Senate rejects free school lunches for low-income kids
ChatGPT wrote this scene.
I have won but at what cost.
I swear by Apollo Healer
This relationship is a little one sided
this just happened to me
They’re dead for sure
Goose bonghonkers
He deserved it
Haha lol get wrecked
And awayyyy we go!
Okay, so hear me out...
They make clothing, too.
Free zoo time
What have I done
Change my mind
It’s been 10 years, rockstar…
Part 2 but I’ve proof read it
Anyone else? (If I wrote it wrong sorry for my english)
Guess he has a point
Burger King free refill
Boing boing, fizz fizz
So simple.
Feel the burn
Tastes like butt
Gremlin mode
/u/HarEmiya explains how today's republicans have left consensus reality for a world of BS
u/Forever_Forgotten explains what happens when you drink drain cleaner
/u/Windinthewillows2024 discusses how she never consciously decided not to be attracted to black men.
/u/breckenridgeback succinctly describes 100,000 years of technological advancement in 8 major turning points.
/u/shagieIsMe explains quantum cat dynamics
/u/jbdyer confirms that yes, there were some Nixon 'fanatics' who reacted to Watergate in a similar way to today's Trump fanatics
u/Holgrin explains how Republican supermajority Tennessee House of Representatives have expelled 2 Black democratically elected leaders.
/u/Darkside351 summarizes why Millennials & GenZ aren't becoming more conservative as they age
u/chadbarrett describes how we belive biblical figures were under the influence of psycadellics
/u/alexeggbird explains why you shouldn't feed wild animals
u/Infenso explains why the new Star Wars trilogy sucks
u/chickenstalker99 recounts a time where he saved a particularly aggressive turtle from a highway with his mother
u/Jimmy2blades probably gets the last word in epic patter battle about possible impending fisticuffs meetup.
Someone had a dream about a song by Alestorm. Lead vocalist of the band, Christopher Bowes, makes it into a real song
An impromptu poem about grieving for their mother
u/Hollivore thoughtfully answers the question 'How do your truly believe in yourself 100% and what do you do when you start losing belief?'
U/breckenridgeback succinctly explains the history of human innovation
u/BigBennP explains how some fall into the “always be grinding” mindset
u/thecoffeejesus explains how once innovative tech companies die to corporate greed
u/Ask_me_4_a_story relates how he was banned from all Liberty University campuses
PM_MOI explains the key differences between Dubai and Abu Dhabi.
r/Seattle Mariner baseball fan went missing after last being seen on date. u/One-Tell-1351 finds a recent article/video of apparently the same man who is depicted prowling someone's home.
Biologist breaks down how gender is determined
The Pick Up Artist industry is destroyed in a single comment on how to talk to girls at parties
StaggeringWinslow explains what passover, currently being celebrated by the Jewish community, is, and gives some examples of customs surrounding the festival
Join The Dank Charity Alliance: Make a meme or a donation for St. Jude Children's Research Hospital
Our fundraiser for St. Jude is now powered by Reddit Community Funds: Our fundraiser total come April 10th will be matched by up to $20,000!
buttery smooth
Let's go, guys
You are very naughty
what a sweet young man
Wholesome review
isn't she happy
Childhood memory unlocked 🔓
Some good advice
Sir Terry was an absolute gem of a human.
I’ve never thought about it that way
Report card
Dads who don't care ❤️
just a reminder y'all! ❤
Be like Hurley
Please don't stop
Sweet relationship
Wholesome tattoo.
He looks polite.
Where did my introverted buddy go?
A whole terabyte!
Me every time then leave ;)
That's really sweet tho
I whip my hair back and forth..
Rules of the Subreddit. If these are broken, your comment/post will be removed and you could be banned. You should read this before posting.
This is the clearest image ever taken on the surface of Venus
Freddie Mercury and his uniqe interaction with the crowd
Thermal insulating properties of the Space Shuttle tiles after 2200 Celsius exposure
NASA Shared a new image of Uranus
A journalist in China bravely filmed multiple Uyghur concentration camps where millions of Uyghur Muslims are detained. China claims the camps are for re-educational purposes, but multiple reports state that torture and genocide occurs within. This man risked his life to expose the truth.
The range and accuracy of an M1 Abrams
Walking skeleton turns into the most beautiful husky
‘Please don’t speed near schools’ - an advertising poster placed face down on car windscreens in the Waikato region of New Zealand. What you see here is what the driver sees when they get back in their car.
‘The Human Crayon’, a road safety ad from Victoria, Australia about how little protection everyday clothes offer motorbike riders.
In 2004, a man by the name the name of Marvin Heemeyer used a modified bulldozer to tear apart the city of Granby, CO. He took his own life shortly after being stopped.
Painting of the crucifixion over different periods
This fallen tree at the beach had an entire city of hermit crabs doin crabby stuff inside it.
Cleverly placed advertising screen or a lucky video taken at the right time?
In 2019, a Jamaican man turned up to collect his winning $1.5 million lottery cheque wearing a Scream mask. He said he wore the mask because he didn't want his relatives hounding him for money
Elon Musks threatens to fire Tesla legal team for hiring a former SEC lawyer
North Korea Special Forces
The human heart beating outside the body
Disassembling a Japanese House Constructed with Joinery 100 years ago to be relocated and reassembled. Traditional Japanese house are built without a single nail or screw
Receptionist at a busy pharmacy in India
This solar oven in Uzbekistan built in the Soviet era, uses over 10,000 small mirrors to focus sunlight, it is one of the largest solar ovens in the world.
Unreal Engine 5.2: Metahuman Deformation on real time characters
Crazy guys break onto Epstein's Island!
My dad's home workstation. He times the stock market. (I am posting this in response to a post here of similar title)
These are "Sonderkommando Photographs", Four Photographs that were shot secretly in August of 1944 by an Inmate named "Alex", a Jewish prisoner from Greece.
“Gotcha, Bitch”
They made bro a villain
My parents were definitely there in ‘94 and ‘95!
The Lord giveth and the Lord taketh away
If Mario didn’t spend all his time chasing women, he’ll be balling too
“Hit me up bro, we’ll link up “
Alexa, what's the definition of "Rage Bait"?
Persecuted for just existing
It's not easy to cancel yourself or your beliefs
Y’all about to have backs wider than Lake Michigan
I love dogs but I don't wanna see them everywhere. I'm even seeing them in restaurants now.
We’re all interested…
Charlie Brown:
Surviving A Month of Without Checking Your Account Just Swiping Blindly With No Declines Is Pretty Impressive
ITT: name musicians/music you can't play around others
Are the low prices in the room with us now ?
I'll watch the hell out of that, just add the workers they exploit from to integrate them too.
I ain't gon' forgive how the media made me think bro was heading in the pan for years or some
Contrary to what Twitter is currently saying Girly Teengirl deserved everything she got and more.
Taking a bath/shower without soap is insane.
We outside 😜
I was in vocational school changing into my boots and my teacher walked by me and without a breaking a stride he said “WOAH!! they had to skin two whole cows to make them boots” because I wear a size 14.
Your partner is a reflection of your standards and your standards say a lot about you.
…and that’s why we got food at home!
The fact i seen some people geniuenly think he went to heaven made me laugh even harder lmao
LEC Spring 2023 / Group Stage - Week 1 Day 1 / Live Discussion
FlyQuest vs. Golden Guardians / LCS 2023 Spring Playoffs - Losers' Bracket Final / Post-Match Discussion
A Message From Golden Guardians
Astralis vs. Fnatic / LEC 2023 Spring Groups - Group A / Post-Match Discussion
Riot CEO about ARCANE SEASON 2!
Terrible experience with Clash
Inero's & Ovilee's Reaction to the FQ vs GG Game 4 Final Teamfight
Rumors of DIG and 100T looking to sell their LCS spot according to Kevin Hitt
Team Vitality vs. MAD Lions / LEC 2023 Spring Groups - Group A / Post-Match Discussion
Kevin Hitt clarifies the DIG 100T rumors
FLY vs. GG G3 Drake Fight
not advancing on clash
Until today I still have not seen a single person build the new Turbo Chemtank. Maybe the balance team should look into this item?
[Regarding TSM's offered salaries] "Can’t share specifics but can say it was nowhere near minimum LCS salary, add another 0." - TSM GM
Bilibili Gaming vs. Oh My God / LPL 2023 Spring Playoffs - Losers' Bracket Semi-Final / Post-Match Discussion
FlyQuest vs Golden Guardians / LCS 2023 Spring Playoffs - Losers' Bracket Finals / Live Discussion
Astrais vs Fnatic game 1 discussion
I made a ripped Berseker poster for Sundays game
Gen.G vs. KT Rolster / LCK 2023 Spring Playoffs - Lower Bracket Final / Post-Match Discussion
Clash Tournament Cancelled
Bjergsen's Farewell
Riot Support's Response to Critical Error Crashes - Aware and Working on a Fix
GG vs FLY - Stixxay on Zeri
Maples contract has been removed from TSM
AP items, S10 vs S13
The way Costco puts tomato sauce on their pizzas
Decorating this cake.
The spaghetti arranging itself in my pan
Two cats talking each other
the way this dude folds jeans.
Parallel approaches into Chicago's O’Hare airport
The custom chopped short bus
The way they move so rhythemically
This antique oil lamp
Oyster Mushrooms grow on various kinds of substrates
The art of Pysanky (Ukrainian Eggs) OC
Chiselling out a perfect fit
Rockers controlling the rain
sending a loose rock below to save climbers
Ice box is oddly satisfying
Disassembling a Japanese House Constructed with Joinery 100 years ago to be relocated and reassembled. Traditional Japanese house are built without a single nail or screw
Cat retracing steps is quite oddly satisfying 
Perfect shadow (oc)
Peeling tiles off the floor
Scratching a Crocodile with a broom.
Chopped short-bus got love. What about Uncle Don’s long short-bus?
First cut of the year. human powered.
Perfect ice forming around side mirror
Handmade metallic paint
This is how they fold the beach towels at the resort where I work!
Deep diaphragmatic breathing exercises can stop panic / anxiety
Cheap patio grill hack!
Anyone have a hack for liquid vitamins?
This wiring tip video
Suggestions for hanging framed posters?
Any tips to keep my work laptop from going into stand by mode after inactivity
Guy does fast flip jeans folding
Clumsy? A roll of duct tape can reduce your risk of unwanted spills
Bath Towel Rolling with tuck
Slippery mattress
Help with magazines
What’s a lifehack equivalent of having an undo switch?
Glue gun hack
Store your canned goods upside down!
Help needed-toddler peed on the couch
Not sure if this is the correct forum. But I would like two loud speakers for a house party. What exactly do I ask for at the electronics store?
Any Hairbrush cleaning hacks?
use paperclip to hang posters without damaging the wall
Using a spoon to keep her on the porch and not chasing squirrels.
I need help with weed smell coming through air vent
Need a vehicle for a day or two? Rent a U-Haul pickup for $19.99!
Are you a first-year law student? If so, you should read this.
Pet hair on clothes ?
Blinds always turning the wrong way because you keep pulling the wrong cord?
Down throw pillows... feathers poking me!
Passport Questions & Issues Megathread (2023)
Vietnam Tourist Visa Update...
Eye-catching ceramic artwork in blue and white on a wall in Porto.
In love with Sarajevo - so underrated
My travels across New Zealand - August 2017
The urge to pause my life and travel for a year
Italy, summer 2022
American Airlines offering 1 Meal and a Snack - 12 hour long haul flights - First Class.
Mount Rainier National Park in March 2023
Cinque Terre, Italy 🇮🇹
Chiapas - Magical Mexico
Blue Lagoon, Oludeniz, Turkey
Puerta Vallerta, Mexico on film
Short trip to Chișinău, Moldova and Iași, Romania - April 2023
The beautiful view of the village of Barcis in the Italian Dolomite Mountains. The white crystals in the limestone reflect the blue sky, making the water this beautiful color.
More photos from Sarajevo
Be careful when using AirAlo
Anyone has experience entering Egypt and Jordan with a novelty (souvenir) passport stamp?
Praha Hrad from Karlov Mōst at Sunset ❤
Feedback on 5-day Itinerary in Switzerland
Two-week vacation in July - Madeira, Malta, or Belize (or???)
11 days in Laos (January 2023)
Be careful when using AirAlo
My experience travel through Serbia
A full week in Barcelona or split with Madrid?
Worldwide PC Hardware Giveaway! We've teamed up with ASUS for their Easter Giveaway: Hunt eggs for a chance to win awesome hardware prizes like the TUF RX 7900 XTX OC GPU, ROG Crosshair X670E Hero Motherboard, AMD Ryzen 7950X CPU, and more!
Daily Simple Questions Thread - April 08, 2023
Fun fact: shadow of the tomb raider can run on Celeron laptop integrated graphics…
That's right, I said it.
Well it's also a task
I just pulled this out of the trash
best start menu?
Best fans in the business
Well, apparently the 4070ti doesn't fit in my case. fuck
Why dose 60fps on pc feel yucky
The used PC my buddy bought on FB marketplace
Can we give a warm welcome back to my dad to PC Gaming after a 20+ year break?
After 10 years of service. I've finally put my 660 to rest...and upgraded to a 670.
How my 11yr old games. Smh
Upgraded today from a 1080, to a 7900xtx
Ryzen 7000 CPUs look so cool
These Viruses are being hidden in plain sight
I wish I could build PCs for a living. The most fun I’ve ever had in my life. I built this thing to absolute perfection.
Adopted her only yesterday, and I’ve already lost my claim on the battlestation.
Love the colour scheme
New Phanteks NV7 Case Build
Edge Bad
About to embark on my first ever pc build.
Gentlemen, it is with great pleasure to inform you that I just assembled my first PC
My themed build begins...
A girl gropes Gaston and he makes her leave
Pointing a gun at daughter’s prom date
Taylor
Husband’s hidden cameras catches his wife secretly adding drain cleaner into his tea to poison him
Too entitled to place an egg on her salmon- It has to be perfect for the live
cost customers?
People need to mind their business
It’s just a prank…
Clearly, lunch is getting unaffordable for politicians.
Woman gets out of her car to argue with the pleasant employees at Chick fil’a then….
Guy refuses to leave plane after an altercation with a flight attendant who refused to serve him a pre flight alcoholic drink
idk how, but he got a great birthday gift after all
Goodbye girl
Bruh...
Women have no control over their bodies
A Kick streamer stuck a fork in a toaster and almost died
"WhY RiGhT nOw?"
When US Healthcare is Fucked
Do as I say, not as I do..
Wait... How?
Popo
Twitter doesn’t make you any smarter.
Not unexpected
Found this on Instagram, thought it should go here.
Twitter user discovers Tomboys
IMPORTANT: Many of our subscribers have no idea what this subreddit is actually for
Hand Drawn, frame by frame animation w/ lofi
Contact
One of my trippy psychedelic art pieces, it's called Paradox Leak. Can you spot the hidden badger with the red bucket? Large zoomable image
Biblically accurate angels : "Fear not"
[UPDATE] The whirlpool is still there and is sucking in other, smaller whirlpools now!
NASA Shared a new image of Uranus
Hey friends !! OG reddit astronaut painter here. I started making these short animations to help further along the trippy, dreamy story. Was told I should post it here :)
My son went to Omega Mart in Vegas last week...
College or whatever of trippy fractal animations made via Mandelbrowser
Easterman.mp4
My oil on fabric painting “If It Comes to You, It Means Something”
My hobby is making tidepool videos
Slap bass with neon strings
Painted this self-portrait with my fingers to finally express what I felt at this very moment
drifting through
Amsterdam Trip (AI & human collaboratively generated imagery)
E N C O U N T E R S
Found on tiktok. *[SEIZURE WARNING]*
4k fractals now
Loop by rand0mograph
a drawing I made
Crayon Landscape [OC]
AI Visualizations of METAL sub-genres
Trip to the Mushroom Forest (Watch in 4k)
Husband resents that I see my parents on my day off with our child
Husband and I have been fighting because he now has to work with my ex
My partner won't let me leave
My boyfriend has never loved me the way I loved him
[M23] [22F] My boyfriend threatened to leave because i cried during an argument.
My (f29) boyfriend (m31) constantly corrects my behaviour. Is this normal?
Should I M22 buy flowers for my girlfriend F24 and her mother?
My(23F) ex(23M) want to get back after 1 year of our breakup
Girlfriend wants to talk to someone from her past?
Pls help I want a loving relationship
Women who are hyper independent, how do you cope in relationships?
I (26M) can’t seem to connect with new people as an adult
How can I help my girlfriend with her self esteem?
Should I (21F) let my boyfriend (19M) hang around a cheater?
How Do I Break Up With My Girlfriend of 2 Years
I need advice about my gf
I (29F) am not okay anymore with my partner (30M) watching porn and don’t know what to do
How to get over a crush on my(23F) guy best friend(23M)?
My (19F) crush (18M) turned me down because he has a drug addiction
Girlfriend (29F) is a fencesitter, I am (30M) 100% in the childfree category. What to do?
Pregnant and forced to break up by parents
How significant is the phrase ‘I love you’ when you are told it for the first time in a relationship?
My(f25) sister(f31) doesn't want my bf(m26) at her wedding bc her BIL(m29) is infatuated with me and I punched her in the face. Don't know what to do now.
How do I (38 M), prepare to date after not dating for a decade?
I (16M) feel weird around my friend (16M) when he sneezes and I don't know how to approach it
General Questions & Tech Support Megathread | July 04, 2022
Sledgehammer Uncharted-Inspired 3rd Person Call Of Duty Game Promised A "Brutal War Experience"
I really feel bad for American Mcgee that EA recently declined him for the new game of Alice Asylum.
American McGee to retire from the video game industry after Alice: Asylum pitch was rejected by EA
PS4 console won't connect with controllers
Game suggestions?
What was the First Game you played on the PS1, PS2, PS3 & PS4?
I keep seeing error code WV-33910-6 when trying to sign in to my account.
Credit card not accepted
EA dominates PS5 and PS4 with 19% player share of the top 40 games
Battlefield 2042
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: The Cowabunga Collection sales top one million
Is playstation support not open on weekends?
PS4 Pro remote play, PC or VITA TV?
Street Fighter 6 Zangief's Theme - R.E.D
Syphon Filter: Dark Mirror Receives Crucial Update for PS4 and PS5
Street Fighter 6 Open Beta Reportedly Scheduled For April 2023
PS4 Controller in MW2019 & MWII.
The Mercenaries for Resident Evil 4 is Now Available
Sherlock Holmes The Awakened Launch Trailer (11 April) | PC, PS, Xbox, Switch
Interior design games?
South Park The Stick of Truth Nonconformist Trophy Help
Resident Evil 4 - The Mercenaries Trailer
are sony realising party chat audios to the public?
Any Games Like Frostpunk On Ps Plus(premium)?
[OC] The 2023 NBA MVP & Awards Vote Tracker
Have your say: 2023 r/nba Awards Voting
Silver in memo to teams: "If we ever received evidence that players or coaches were attempting to lose or otherwise taking steps to cause any game to result otherwise than on its competitive merits, that conduct would be met with the swiftest and harshest response possible from the league office."
[MacMahon] NBA spokesman Mike Bass: "The NBA commenced an investigation today into the facts and circumstances surrounding the Dallas Mavericks’ roster decisions and game conduct with respect to last night’s Chicago Bulls-Mavericks game, including the motivations behind those actions.”
NBA investigating Mavs for sitting key players amid playoff hunt
[Shai Gilgeous-Alexander] i heard them hating i didn’t let it bother me they thought i’d be on vacation getting ready for the lottery. Every game that went by, we kept bringing up the rank, we were ready for war, they kept bringing up the tanks (@shai on IG)
[Wojnarowski] ESPN Sources: Memphis Grizzlies center Steven Adams is likely to miss the postseason with his injured right knee. Adams, who underwent a stem cell injection a month ago, has been out with a PCL sprain since late January.
[MacMahon] Team sources have acknowledged to ESPN that fear exists that Doncic, who publicly and privately expressed extreme frustration this season, could consider requesting a trade as soon as the summer of 2024 if Dallas doesn't make significant progress by then.
With Durant’s season over, he officially joins the 50/40/90 club for the 2nd time, only the 3rd player in NBA History to do so
Shai Gilgeous-Alexander’s final 2022-2023 stats: 31.4 PPG, 5.5 APG, 4.8 RPG, 1.6 SPG , 1.0 BPG 51.0 FG%, 34.5 3PT%, 90.5 FT% 68 GP
Former teammates give Udonis Haslem love for his 20 year career before his last game of the season.
The Toronto Raptors now have the hardest remaining schedule in the NBA at .716
[Linn] Russell Westbrook over his last 8 games: 18.5 PPG 7.9 APG 3.8 RPG 53.8% FG 45.5% 3FG Russ is hooping.
[Post Game Thread] The Utah Jazz (37-44) defeat the Denver Nuggets (52-29), 118-114. Three Jazz players hit new career highs: Agbaji with 28, Samanic with 23, and Potter with 10
[Highlight] Sharpe looking like Dame as he pulls up for the deep three with zero hesitation
[Wojnarowski] To fortify the frontline now, the Grizzlies are signing two-way rookie forward Kenneth Lofton Jr., on a four-year, $7M contract, his agent Mike George of @OneLegacySports tells ESPN. Lofton was the G League’s Rookie of the Year.
Jokic in the loss to the Jazz: 6 points (season low), 10 rebounds, 10 assists
[Podcast P] Paul George: "You get hit by Steven Adams. You get your bell rung. He one of those dudes that don't lift weights. He's just naturally strong...Russ don't lift weights either"
This season has been so much better because OKC and Utah didn’t blatantly tank from the start
[Post Game Thread] The Los Angeles Clippers (43-38) defeat the Portland Trail Blazers (33-48), 136-125.
[MacDonald] Pop was asked what he will miss once the season is over. His answer contains tea leaves, for those so inclined: “I just move on to what’s next … the draft, and the summer league and continued development of Jeremy’s shot and some other players and it just continues from there.”
Suns announcers Eddy Johnson and Kevin Ray learn about Mavericks being eliminated from the playoffs contention, and have a little message for the Suns fans
[Mavs PR] Luka Dončić (left thigh injury recovery), Kyrie Irving (right foot injury recovery), Reggie Bullock (rest), Josh Green (rest), Tim Hardaway Jr. (left ankle soreness) and Maxi Kleber (right hamstring injury recovery) will all miss tomorrow night's game against the Spurs.
Denver has secured the #1 seed for the first time in their history, 4 teams have yet to do this: Clippers, Pelicans, Grizzlies, Hornets
Ty Lue on Suns possibly resting tomorrow: "I hope they sit all 5 guys. Monty Williams, James Jones, I hope they all sit. I take however I can get it”
Discord Server Birthday
We have raised over $9,000 for St. Jude Children's Research Hospital. Our fundraiser total come April 10th will be matched by up to $20,000!
I wonder whats happening?
I’m speaking the truth
I spent way too long making the angry Ireland ball.
Weed Eater
“From way downtown, Bang! Bang!”
Don't get stabbed in the community chest
We'll see about that
I guess he has a point
yass queen fight the patriarchy
Let battle commence
Are you sure about that...
POV: grandkids asked about the pandemic
Crispy Meme #989
L post frfr ong no cap
What happened?
Consent is sexy
It works wonders on your mental health
highly offensive and immature meme
I see what your are doing
And you made mustard gas
Your Bully is down the hall to the right
No one told us about this
Just hits different
me irl is not an edgy meme board
me-irl
me_irl
me_irl
Me irl
Me irl
Me_irl
me_irl
me_irl
me_irl
Me_irl
me_irl
me_irl
me_irl
me_irl
Me_irl
me_irl
me🤑irl
me_irl
me_irl
me_irl
me irl
me_irl
me_irl
me_irl
My weekly reminder regarding abortions: rich people will still get them.
Evangelicals 'hijacked' Holy Week to turn Trump into 'MAGA Jesus': religion expert
How do we fight back?
Atheists - What are your responses when people say the United States was founded as a christian nation?
If Christian conservatives believe that life starts at conception and yet all human embryos begin development as a female...
Goth thug 666
Trump-Appointed Judge Bans the Abortion Pill Nationwide, Starting in 7 Days
Day before Easter retail reminded me why I left the church
Sometimes religious people are just the embodiment of evil.
Easter Sunday being the biggest day in the Catholic Church is the best day to sit back and watch Spotlight (2015)
How to deal with super religious parents?
Iran installs cameras to find women not wearing hijab
School's transgender policy trumped teacher's religious rights, U.S. court rules
Iran installs cameras in public places to identify, penalise unveiled women. Iran's Islamic sharia law urges citizens to confront unveiled women. Such directives have in past decades emboldened hardliners to attack women.
This Church Was Firebombed for Hosting a Drag Show
Eight Filipinos were nailed to crosses to reenact Jesus Christ’s suffering in a gory Good Friday tradition that draws thousands of devotees and tourists to the Philippines despite being rejected by the Catholic church.
I had an interesting realization the other day
Today’s my 21st birthday and the only thing my parents gave me were prayers. 💔
Posting verses from the Bible or Quran with no opinion attached and somehow theists will claim it's out of context.
CNN tries to play both sides
The 40 Days of Lent Ended On April 6th. On April 7th A Catholic Judge Ordered The Revocation of FDA Approval For A Key Abortion Drug.
Thou shalt honor our secular public schools, Texas - Freedom From Religion Foundation
New study shows need to eliminate religious oaths in court: Our courts of law are secular entities, centered on evidence and proof. Sprinkling in religion by encouraging witnesses to swear to an invisible deity makes no sense, and now we know that it also leads to discriminatory results.
Even if blasphemy is "bad" religious people often go 0 to extreme real quick.
Evangelicals rally ’round Trump: The reaction by evangelicals to Trump’s indictment this week on 34 felony counts is once again proof that the Religious Right has long abandoned the moral high ground.
Check here to see if your submission will be removed.
Rescue crow and German shepherd became friends
Just a doggo trying to protect his homies
The little one is a rescue with issues. The lab is a therapy dog for people but once in a while she's being a sis to her own kind, providing safety and security.
LET ME LOVE YOU
Big kitty KitKat makes baby Pepper want to play with him.
Woke up from a nap to my puppy lab and my older heeler sleeping like this.
How considerate.
Let me pour you a drink
Let's ride!
Fox and Border Collie meet, become best friends.
"[Authorities] say the family's dog, a black Lab, never left his side when he went missing after wandering away from his home." Authorities find 4-year-old boy lost in the woods with his family dog.
Cat helps Dog mom babysit her puppies
Cashing in to help pay for his treats.
Good dog keeping baby safe
A honourable monkey returns glasses to his owner after receiving a treat.
New pals
This image of a six-month-old yellow baboon taking care of a three-month-old bush baby in an animal orphanage.
Good friends come in all shapes and sizes
I got my leash, bro, lets play with it!
Resident cat teaching rescue pup how to interact with cats!
Elder rescue goat and cow are best friends
Oh goodness, these two are on one today. Just walked in to find Mavis off her perch and curled up in Merle’s front legs by the fire.
These two playing cracks me up. They have been friends for their whole lives and do everything together.
Merle’s trying to keep his cool while Mavis plays hard to get. He just wants to be close to her so damn bad. He lays still for hours near her trying to get her to climb on him.
Weekly Profile Review Thread
Weekly story time thread
Bro 💀
Is this what women want?
Well alright then
Matched in august, been dating since September. Tinder is okay sometimes ❤️
Take two of tall guys rant
What do you even say to something like this??
Be careful out there boys PART 2
Be careful out there boys
I just had to…
Ree hee hee hee
Sir, I have eyes
My new bio. I want to say it's a joke but, it's pretty accurate.
Pretty sure I ran into him when I was last on Tinder 5 years ago. Wonder why he's still single.
I thought I had the worst date of the night (he had the voice and personality of Martin Prince) until I got home and got this text from my guy friend.
Tinder:A millennial homeowners true love story
Is this putting people off?
Sir????
Thanks…
Bro why
My last 6 months on dating apps (27M)
Im scared
I don’t know guys, I am not sure Rachael really is 30..
It Worked???
Weekend RAGE Thread - April 08, 2023
Overwatch 2 Retail Patch Notes - April 11, 2023 (Preview)
“Mercy Cute”
I'm glad Cassidy's nade isn't touched
Describing Shields in 3 words (or less)
What is everyone's problem with the Rally buff?
Total Mayhem Tier List
Can someone explain
Pc: “Aim Assist is OP”
Every Ana's greatest nightmare
Legit got replaced by a better teammate
Hit this in comp today! First ever team kill by me!
JJBA Wrecking Ball Skin concept by me!
My Reinhardt has a plan.....
New Lifeweaver Tech
so they nerfed him, and they didn't address this??
My most calculated, Fivehead knife ever. (Warning, loud screaming)
Where are these new map?
No one can hide from my sight…
Following up my last post w Ashe and Bob!
What is the name of this skin???
Just two Doomfists sharing a single braincell
Friendly reminder that Overwatch is an OBJECTIVE-based game! (Doom9 in Ranked OpenQ)
Lifeweaver is getting a healing buff.
Unlocking battle pass all at once (no bought tiers)
