This subreddit is closed for new posts and comments. For future updates, announcements, and news related to Reddit Inc. and the platform, please visit r/reddit.
COVID denialism and policy clarifications
Debate, dissent, and protest on Reddit
Sunsetting Secret Santa and Reddit Gifts
Second
An update on the recent issues surrounding a Reddit employee
Today we’re testing a new way to discuss political ads (and announcements)
Now you can make posts with multiple images.
Update to Our Content Policy
Upcoming changes to our content policy, our board, and where we’re going from here
Changes to Reddit’s Political Ads Policy
Introducing the Solidarity Award — A 100% contribution to the COVID-19 Solidarity Response Fund for WHO
Imposter
Introducing Reddit Polls, An All-New Post Type
Announcing our partnership and AMA with Crisis Text Line
Spring forward… into Reddit’s 2019 transparency report
Suspected Campaign from Russia on Reddit
The Extra Life Charity Award — Raise awareness for children's hospitals through gilding!
Reddit Security Report -- October 30, 2019
Changes to Our Policy Against Bullying and Harassment
An Update on Content Manipulation… And an Upcoming Report
Announcing RPAN, a limited-time live broadcasting experience
Introducing Community Awards!
Update regarding user profile transparency
Introducing Custom Feeds (plus: a Community Contest with modest prizes!)
Going forward, comics may only be posted on Wednesdays and Sundays.
Subreddit of the Month [April 2023] r/humorousreviews/. Know of a small, humor-based subreddit that deserves a month in the spotlight? Link it inside!
My dad's friend didn't think his company name through.
They’re completely over neighbors not picking up their dogs’ poop.
I think he might
It looks like they met my husband.
That energy though
Training for the big day
Chicks with
Fake gun to scare snow monkey in a Japanese onsen. This is only for women side. The men side dont have it
I don’t think this was approved by corporate
He is right though
Guy loses it watching chase scene fails from Heavy Rain
Did that “dead” lady just blink?!
Should’ve renewed earlier
The WiFi name at my church
I'm not sure if I trust this sunscreen
Nailed it
Finally, a house that only costs $0.99
Three Grandpas on a Bench
Anyone see any red flags my gf might be an alchy?
[OC] I caught my husband serenading our cat. Then our cat caught me filming.
Amazon driver approved our house colors
Corgi Derby 2023
Anyone who has a boxer/boxer mix understands this face
One week left to help the Rainforest Trust with AskReddit's 15th Anniversary Fundraiser!
What's a sign of childhood trauma?
If your best friend puts a gun to your head, What are your last words?
What currently legal act do you expect to become illegal within 20 years?
Would you vote for Jon Stewart if he ran for President? If so, why? If not, why?
What video game would you consider “flawless”?
What is the greatest cartoon of all time?!
What are your immediate thoughts when you hear a guy refer to himself as an "Alpha Male"?
What is scam that so many fall for without realizing?
Who is the best written female protagonist? Why?
Which fast food restaurant has the best french fries?
Redditors over the age of 40: what’s your best advice for young people?
Which mandela effect confuses you the most?
What automatically makes a pizza better?
What grammar mistake irritates you the most?
What’s the dumbest thing someone accused you of without any evidence?
What is the girl equivalent of getting distracted by a woman’s boobs?
What are some signs someone has been through a lot in life?
What, “A child that is not embraced by the village will burn it down to feel its warmth.”, story do you have?
What titles of non-porn movies would make for a good porn title?
In general, how do you feel about race-swapping well established characters in media reboots?
How do you guys stay positive in this world?
What conspiracy theories do you actually believe in?
Using stereotypes only, where are you from?
What's the primary reason you're still single?
Self Promotion Saturday! Small streamer? Just getting started? Tell us about it here!
I found my skyrim receipt
Hang in there, Ruffles
mario and sonic gotta watch their backs
I never smoked because of Metal Gear Solid. What small detail in gaming / film has had a lifestyle effect on you?
This is why I hate video games, they appeal to the male fantasy /s
‘Super Mario Bros.’ Heading for Record $195M U.S. Opening, $368M Globally
Hi, I make 3D art in Minecraft, this is my latest, contest-winning work called "Eclosion"
A lot of people skipped this due to Playstation 5 Console shortages. Kind reminder of this masterpiece.
I don't care what any one says, I love this movie
You get a rocket, you get a rocket, everyone gets a rocket!
Well we are not overachievers
You just couldn't help yourself could you Capcom?
Not the first, definitely wont be the last, but I'm still proud
What game use to wreck you as a kid?
You are given the opportunity to go to a parallel universe where the 3rd installment of one of these games exists. What game are you playing?
My grandma is now on level 13,952 of Wordscapes
Decisions decisions…
This how I imagined Capcom deide the dagger parry mechanic
[OC] The Last of Us clicker cosplay (more pics and video in the comments)
We beat the hell out of that stupid tree!
Successfuly installed Windows 98 on PCem. Time to relive one of my childhood first PC experiences.
What's one game you regret buying?
I've been smiling ear to ear ever since I played RE4 Remake. This game is beyond outstanding.
when will they stop
When a female bodybuilder does cosplay
Snow Sculpture to raise awareness of Missing and Murdered Indigenous Women in Kotzebue, Alaska. [OC]
A German police officer wears a chain mail suit to deter knife attacks
Jewish refugees arriving in Palestine, 1947
Some elephants have their tusks upto 4 feet long! One of those Rare African elephants known as a Big
Juvenile owl sleeping face down
I made dinner for my friends at an island. We enjoyed it at sunset.
Jay Weinberg, Slipknots drummer, saying hi to his puppy backstage
Animal Crossing
Ladies and Gentlemen, I give you my father.
I forgot exactly why I was depressed in the process
"Best friend of Justice Clarence Thomas has Sitting Bull's "death mask" in his library."
A NJ rollercoaster was tossed into the ocean by Hurricane Sandy in 2012.
Cave etching of a nude woman, believed to be 30,000 years old, found in Grotte de Cussac in France
An American food market stall in Italy
Myrtle Beach on a rainy night
Yin and yang
May not be a big deal - but I finally saw the Northern Lights!
Im grateful to have seen a couple of legends before they passed.
The Eels at this Fish Store
Protests in France on April 6th
Me 1971 on my to the Mayday protest to end the Vietnam war . More than 7000 arrested in a single day
After coming home from vacation...this is the face I get
Sensational Saturday Sunset
I farmed up a colorful foliage garden. Dig it.
RETRACTION: "A mechanistic model of the neural entropy increase elicited by psychedelic drugs"
RETRACTION: Machine learning of neural representations of suicide and emotion concepts identifies suicidal youth
Newly identified antibody appears to block infection by all dominant variants of SARS-CoV-2 virus, including omicron
New study indicates that name-calling in politics tends to backfire: Results demonstrate that name-calling in politics frequently has the opposite of its intended effect, with respondents evaluating the assailant negatively after witnessing the disparaging remark
Torrents of Antarctic meltwater are slowing the currents that drive our vital ocean ‘overturning’ – and threaten its collapse
The Amazon rainforest and its Indigenous territories can absorb as much as 26,000 metric tons of pollutants released by fires every year, thus preventing thousands of cases of deadly respiratory and cardiovascular diseases and reduce health care costs in some of the region’s most deforested cities.
Tigers have personality traits similar to human extroverts and introverts, researchers say
Children who are exclusively breastfed or fed a mix of formula and breastmilk for the first six to eight weeks of life are at lower risk of having special educational need and learning disabilities. Researchers studied data from more than 190,000 children
Fasting diet reduces risk markers of type 2 diabetes. Results of this study add to the growing body of evidence to indicate that meal timing and fasting advice extends the health benefits of a restricted calorie diet, independently from weight loss, and this may be influential in clinical practice
Magnets wipe memories from meteorites, erasing billion-year-old data | Science
Using photons as neurotransmitters to control the activity of neurons: researchers develops a system that connects two neurons by using light-emitting enzymes and light-sensitive ion channels
Fisetin alleviates cellular senescence through PTEN mediated inhibition of PKCδ-NOX1 pathway in vascular smooth muscle cells
Study found that a specific bile acid called isoursodeoxycholate (isoUDCA), which is associated with higher appetite and worse metabolic levels, decreased after bariatric surgery and after taking fibre supplements, but not after consuming omega-3 supplements
Having high blood pressure in your 30s is associated with worse brain health around age 75, especially for men
Alcoholic dog now sober after getting hooked on booze left out by owner
Lifetime ecstasy use is associated with lower odds of impairments in social functioning, study finds
Significant harmful associations between dietary sugar consumption and 18 endocrine/metabolic outcomes, 10 cardiovascular outcomes, seven cancer outcomes, and 10 other outcomes (neuropsychiatric, dental, hepatic, osteal, and allergic) were detected in a new umbrella review published in the BMJ
Girls are quitting sports at a high rate due to clothing and related body image concerns when wearing uniforms.
In a recent study, researchers found that broccoli contains certain molecules that bind to a receptor within mice and help to protect the lining of the small intestine, thereby inhibiting the development of disease
Tractography-Based Modeling Explains Treatment Outcomes in Patients Undergoing Deep Brain Stimulation for Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
Neurons require glucose uptake and glycolysis in vivo (Apr 2023)
Nostalgic memories of an ex-partner may benefit one's current relationship, potentially due to its positive effect on perceptions of self-growth, according to three studies (N=167, N=223, N=181).
Lonely Individuals Process the World in Idiosyncratic Ways: "Lonely individuals’ neural responses were dissimilar to those of their peers, particularly in regions of the default-mode network in which similar responses have been associated with shared perspectives and subjective understanding."
Model based on 10,000+ sexual acts finds that too much psychological arousal in men, too early in process, reduces their chances of achieving climax
Decriminalization of drug possession in Oregon: Analysis and early lessons
/r/WorldNews Live Thread: Russian Invasion of Ukraine Day 410, Part 1 (Thread #551)
Russia loses election to three UN bodies over Ukraine
Twitter lifts restrictions on Russian government accounts
Georgia's former president says he's dying in prison because of Putin, and calls on the US to save his life
Ukraine gets back 31 children from Russia after alleged deportation
US Deploys Nuclear Submarine in Mideast Amid Iran Tension
French and German tourists turn their back on Brexit Britain.
Iran installs cameras in public places to identify, penalise unveiled women
US asks Turkiye to stop trade with Russia
Torrents of Antarctic meltwater are slowing the currents that drive our vital ocean 'overturning' – and threaten its collapse
Ukraine to export electricity again after months of Russian attacks
Russia Arrests American Journalist On Accusations of Spying. He Is The First American Journalist Detained for Espionage in Russia Since The End of The Cold War.
UK firm has exported $1.2 billion of electronics to Russia despite sanctions
Dutch journalist who writes critically on China targeted in “bizarre” intimidation scheme, including a bomb threat made in her name against the Chinese embassy in The Hague
Red Cross confirms contact with Russia about Ukrainian kids
England's junior doctors prepare for strikes that put up to 250,000 appointments and operations at risk
‘Headed off the charts’: world’s ocean surface temperature hits record high
Ukraine unveils plan for recaptured Crimea – but West ‘reluctant’ to help
Ukraine to export electricity again after months of Russian attacks
US says it is monitoring China's drills around Taiwan closely
Fuels from Russian oil gets backdoor entry into Europe via India
Israeli demonstrators crowded Tel Aviv late Saturday for another protest against Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's plans to reform the judiciary, despite the process being put on hold. Organizers said around 258,000 people attended
France and Germany join EU pushback against Hungary’s anti-LGBTQ+ law
Afghan religious scholars criticize girls' education ban
Despite Lula's promises, deforestation still rampant in Brazil
TIL At age 90, Hugh Hefner's weight dropped to 90lbs and he made visitors sign a confidentiality agreement to see him. He was so sick that he missed his own Playboy Mansion parties and always needed a group of nurses everywhere
TIL that in 1963, the FBI launched a 2-year investigation where they unsuccessfully attempted to discern the lyrics to the song “Louie Louie” by The Kingsmen out of fear that the song contained obsene lyrics
TIL that cousin marriage is quite common around the world. About 10% of the world’s families are headed by couples who are second cousins or closer, and that the genetic risks and taboo — especially in the US — of marrying a cousin are generally blown way out of proportion.
TIL that in the early 1980's, a newspaper accidentally switched the captions for Dennis the Menace and The Far Side comics twice. While some people found it humorous, other people found the captioning to be deeply disturbing and the newspaper apologized for the errors.
TIL of the Church of One Tree, a church in Santa Rosa, California built with lumber from a single redwood tree The tree used to construct the Church stood 275 feet high and was 18 feet in diameter. It produced 78,000 board feet of lumber.
TIL there are cave drawings that are 65,000 years old, made by Neanderthals, much older than the oldest human cave drawings (30,000 years ago) in France.
TIL in the Lorax (2012) by Illumination, "How Bad Can I Be?" only exists in the film because the original, "Biggering", was not considered palatable because of it's much darker commentary on big business, anti-corporatism and greed as the author (Dr. Seuss.) intended.
TIL soon after Bergen-Belsen was liberated, Private Sol Goldberg, with a nearby Canadian unit, smuggled supplies into the camp and used an operating room to illegally treat survivors. He was once caught smuggling supplies into the camp; instead of punishing him, his officers donated more supplies.
TIL Mobster Al Capone Ran a Soup Kitchen During the Great Depression and served free meals to thousands of unemployed people every day.
TIL that most states in the USA have an official state fossil, for example the *Stegosaurus stenops* for Colorado.
TIL the most expensive car in the world is no longer the 250 GTO but a 1955 Mercedes-Benz SLR coupe that sold for $142 million in 2022
TIL that sloths only move an average of 40 yards (36.576 meters) per day when they are on land and in trees. In the water, they could cover that distance in just under 3 minutes.
TIL Pulse oximeters, the devices that measure oxygen level in the blood, are more likely to be inaccurate in people of color. This inaccuracy led to disparity in care for patients of color.
TIL If you call 911 by mistake, You should not hang up. Rather you should let the dispatcher know what happened so they know there isn’t an emergency
TIL, Easter rarely occurs on April 24th and 25th, with gaps between of 90 years or more between occurrences. Latest possible Easter Day is 25 April, as in the years 1886, 1943 and 2038. You can born on Easter Sunday, but never have another birthday on Easter in 90 plus years.
TIL Prince George Washington was the last viceroy of Siam (present day Thailand). He eventually rebelled against, his cousin, the King. The rebellion failed, and in an ironic twist he sought refuge with the British. He spoke English fluently, had 28 children, and died in 1885.
TIL that in 2015, a Columbian man's lung tumors were found to be the result of a tapeworm that had burrowed inside him developing cancer and spreading it to the man.
TIL that McDonald's french fries have milk in them
TIL The University of the South Pacific has campuses in all 12 Pacific Island countries and is one of only two universities in the world that is run as an intergovernmental organisation
TIL there is a breed of horse (called Akhal-Teke or ‘golden horse’) with proteins in their coat that appear metallic iridescent when light falls on them.
TIL about "Man Proposes, God Disposes", an 1864 oil-on-canvas painting by Edwin Landseer inspired by the search for Franklin's lost expedition. The painting, which depicts polar bears among the wreckage of the expedition, is considered haunted and a bad omen.
TIL After eating the "miracle fruit," very sour foods will taste sweet for 15 to 30 minutes. "Miracle fruit" or Synsepalum dulcificum releases a sweetening potency that alters the taste buds. For about 15 to 30 minutes, everything sour is sweet. Lemons lose their zing and taste like candy.
TIL that children were protected for the first time from overwork at the factories only in 1833, with UK’s Factory Act which prohibited the employment of children under nine, limited their working hours, and insisted they should receive schooling.
TIL that a Gordie Howe hat trick in ice hockey is to have a goal, an assist and a fight with a 5 min penalty. Funnily the name giver only achieved that twice in a five decade career and was not the first one to do it.
TIL that since 2000, only 2 bestsellers have scored higher than 9th-grade readability.
These Two kittens are here to let you know we have raised over $9,000 for St. Jude Children's Research Hospital. Our fundraiser total come April 10th will be matched by up to $20,000!
When vibes are off No caps.
My dog was neutered yesterday & he hates a cone so I had to come up with a better solution (= the pants). This is his favourite pose. [OC]
Someone on a walk spotted this very good boy
Big Guy Needs Some Patting 🐋🤗
He wasn't taking any jokes from that dude in the mirror ... 
My city is utilizing goats to eat dry grass, here’s one proud worker 😄
Pocket watch
“Ma, look! I’m a turtle!”
Saw an angry bird on my walk this morning.
World, meet Risotto, my perpetually annoyed cat.
Hamlet sitting politely
If we’re doing perpetually annoyed cats, it’s worth meeting Bun. He’s the worst.
My boy is turning 13!
The king of the world... The rabbit and his prized huge carrot 
Peek-a-boo
The most polite babysitter! They've been friends since they were babies!🥰
Foster Doggo thought it's me coming home, it wasn't me
I can't let my intrusive thoughts win...
An elephant and her child wading through water hyacinth in Kaziranga National Park - photo by Kunal Gupta
Sleepy Boris, 17 years old and still cute as a button. (OC)
Baby Beluga whale being born 
Happinnes exists!
Was a stray 4 months ago, Now she’s family ❤️ I love you Luna (OC)
Mummy otter showing us her baby
We're film scholars, Black cinema experts and hosts of The Class of 1989. Ask us anything!
Official Discussion Megathread (The Super Mario Bros. Movie / Air)
Official 40th Anniversary Poster for 'Star Wars: Return of the Jedi'
Happy Rex Manning Day! I’m actor Maxwell Caulfield. AMA
Tokyo Drift is a surprisingly beautiful, charming standalone movie
Rise of the Planet of the Apes is incredible.
Predestination (2014) is a mind fuck movie you won't forget.
A very happy Rex Manning Day to all who celebrate. We’re hosting an AMA with Empire Records' own Maxwell Caulfield, here on r/movie, today, April 8th, at 4pm PT / 6pm CT / 7pm ET. He'll talk movies, musicals, theater, fabulous hair, and more (mon amours).
Enemy Of The State appreciation
Scorsese's "Killers of the Flower Moon" is recorded to have over a 4 Hour Runtime
What's the movie you put on in the background that everyone ends up falling silent to watch and completely loves, no matter how many times they've seen it?
Just found my original movie ticket stub (sadly, almost entirely faded) from The Matrix (April 2, 1999)
I am nearly 60 years old and have seen a lot of movies. I still believe that the original The Muppet Movie is one of the best movies ever made. You can try to prove me wrong, but you won't be able to.
Timothée Chalamet Doing His Own Singing In Bob Dylan Biopic, Says Director James Mangold
An insightful look at how a Dreamworks animated film (and animated films in general) are made
Preservationists have found the original 39 second ADR-take of the Wilhelm Scream being recorded
7 Best Horror Movies Inspired by Norse Myths and Folktales
The late cinematographer Bill Butler explains the extremely complex process of getting shot-to-shot continuity for Jaws despite shooting in wildly different weather at different times of day
James Mangold Writing & Directing Swamp Thing Movie, James Gunn Confirms
New Poster for 'Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny'
Suggest me some movies to go in blind.
Movies about characters being extremely good at their jobs
Daisy Ridley to Return as Rey in New ‘Star Wars’ Movie
Sad movies that made you really feel for a character?
What movie has the best original score?
$620,000 stolen from YouTuber Ethan Klein and the H3 Podcast by MCN BroadbandTV and their CEO Shahrzad Rafati
'Disorganized Fun' -- Ronald Jenkees. Fifteen years old this past January.
Koyaanisqatsi - Ending scene
"Prejudice" by Tim Minchin
High Dose Shrooms Trip Simulation (POV)
Its hot in Topeka - Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends
Just in time for Easter: Rappin' for Jesus
Starship Velociraptor
Exploring Africa's least visited Capital
Jen interview - The IT Crowd
The Alphabet Explained: The origin of every letter
Kid shreds Pachelbel's Canon in D on his guitar from his bedroom
16 year old Gerard Way (creator of The Umbrella Academy and singer of My Chemical Romance) defending comic books on a talk show in 1993
12 years ago, this was peak Youtube
Amazing footage of the Pantai Remis landslide in Malaysia, where the sea suddenly flooded a huge abandoned tin mine
Jack Black - Peaches (Directed by Cole Bennett) The Super Mario Bros. Movie
Billy Corgan rides a rollercoaster
Windows 95 Video Guide with Jennifer Aniston & Matthew Perry (1995)
Robbie Williams' hilarious h**d j*b story on Graham Norton
1st Place Beatboxing Solo Wildcard for Grand Beatbox Battle 2023
13 year old beatbox prodigy won 1st in the Under 18 category and qualified to the Grand Beatbox Battle 2023 competition.
Los Angeles SWAT helicopter lands on street
Hey There Delilah but it's Kanye's Voice
AI's in Cars Getting Coffee
Resident Evil 4 (videogamedunkey)
Protect Your Hearing: Earplugs and the Live Music Experience
Audioslave - Show me how to live [Alternative Rock]
All Killer No Filler by Sum 41 lives up to it's title.
Garbage - Stupid Girl [Rock]
Arrested Development - Tennessee [Hip Hop] 1992
It's said Rumours was so great because Fleetwood Mac hated each other at the time and were cheating on each other. Are there any other albums or songs put out that were great due to infighting between the band?
Apparently, it's the 20th anniversary of Linkin Park's Meteora album
80's 90's Radio Show With Songs, TV Themes, Retro Jingles And Movie Quotes!
Coyote Shivers featuring Renee Zellweger - Sugar High [Rock]
Paramore - Decode [Alternative rock, 2008]
Ian Bairnson, guitarist for the Alan Parsons Project and Kate Bush, dies aged 69
Pharoahe Monch - Simon Says [Hip Hop/Rap] (1999)
What other “dream like” music can you think of?
i hate that ads are modernizing old music
Coolio's cause of death revealed as fentanyl overdose
Something Corporate - I Woke Up In A Car [rock]
Mos Def - Ms. Fat Booty [HipHop]
Alien Ant Farm - Movies [Nu metal punk rock] (2001)
Black Star (Mos Def & Talib Kweli) - Definition [HipHop]
Gravity Kills - Guilty [Industrial Rock]
Evanescence - Bring Me To Life [ rock ]
I composed a piano piece as a tribute to Ryuichi Sakamoto
Keane - Somewhere Only We Know [English Rock]
Fugees - Fu-Gee-La [HipHop]
Rammstein - Amerika [Rock/metal] (2004)
[crosspost] Happy Rex Manning Day! I’m actor Maxwell Caulfield. AMA
[CROSSPOST] I run the Not Just Bikes YouTube channel, Ask Me Anything!
[CROSSPOST] Hellooo I'm Theodor Andrei, the representative of Romania in the Eurovision Song Contest. Ask me anything!
I am an Ocarina Specialist with over 20 years of professional experience. I've released 3 ocarina albums, have 87 million views across my ocarina videos, and a collection of over 400 ocarinas, which I'm using to create an online ocarina museum. AMA!
I’m Judy Postmus, social worker, researcher, author, and Dean at the University of Maryland School of Social Work. Ask me anything about economic or financial abuse in relationships!
[Crosspost] I'm Andrew Koppelman, a professor of constitutional law at Northwestern University. Ask Me Anything about modern libertarian philosophy, and how it has decayed since its inception.
[CROSSPOST] Hi I'm Gustaph & I'm representing Belgium in the Eurovision Song Contest with my song " Because of You". AMA at 17:00 UTC!
[Crosspost] We're film scholars, Black cinema experts and hosts of The Class of 1989. Ask us anything from 12 PM ET to 2 PM ET today!
IAmA blue collar musician in a full time working band called the Delta Bombers. I travel the world 100+ nights a year, write songs and am a gas station roller dog enthusiast.
[Crosspost] AMA with Peng Shepherd, bestselling author of fantasy, magical realism, dystopian thrillers, and mysteries including THE CARTOGRAPHERS and THE BOOK OF M, plus some other weird stuff happening now in r/Books!
We’re Blue Man Group NYC, the OG theatre where the bald and the blue began. AMA!
We’re Bloomberg Government journalists reporting on proposed TikTok bans in Congress and across the US. Ask us anything.
[CROSSPOST] I'm Victor Vernicos and I'm representing Greece in the Eurovision at the Eurovision Song Contest 2023, AMA!
[crosspost] I’m Jacob Silverman, a tech journalist, and host of a new podcast about billionaire golden boy turned disgraced tycoon, Sam Bankman-Fried. AMA
[Crosspost] - We are AEW stars Sammy Guevara and Tay Melo. AMA!
I’m Oli Frost, the guy who makes novelty songs about the climate crisis (involving vampires, pirates, aliens, and so on). Greta Thunberg danced the macarena to one of them. AMA!
I’m Tim Urban, writer of the blog Wait But Why. AMA!
We're 68 bipolar disorder experts & scientists gathering for the biggest ever bipolar AMA! In honor of World Bipolar Day, ask us anything!
We’re Washington Post journalists who spent the past months investigating how the AR-15 became a symbol of the gun control debate, political identity and mass shootings. Ask us anything.
AMA Session: Polar week Q&A!! We're the Association of Polar Early Career Scientists (APECS), let’s talk about life and science in the polar regions. Ask Us Anything!
[Crosspost] Ask Me Anything! I'm Kori Carter - 400H World Champion, 9x All American, Wharton Business School Student, and Founder of Coached
[Crosspost] We're three of the co-authors and organizers of the contributors’ open letter to the New York Times critiquing the paper's coverage of trans, non-binary, and gender nonconforming people. Ask us anything.
[Crosspost] - Hi! I'm Philipp Dettmer, founder and head writer of kurzgesagt - Ask me Anything!
I am A Canine Caretaker at a high volume animal shelter! Ask me anything!
[crosspost/ r/movies] We’re Nicolas Cage and Nicholas Hoult, costars of the upcoming film RENFIELD, here to answer all your questions about bugs, bad bosses, and everything in between. AMA!
/r/Gifs rules: Please read before submitting or commenting
Waiting at the bus stop pixelart
Lionel Moosi dribbles through everyone!
Levitating
"Tranquility" Pixel art by me
Watch out worm!
Chinatown Blues
My sons 60” box jump
A painting of a purser on his way to work
Jumping spiders amaze me at how quick(and cute) they are
Not quite my chinchilla
A bismuth crystal Dorito
One of them likes to play, and one of them is completely unamused
I drew this pixel art animation and called it "⚫" [OC]
The time I kayaked to Graves Lighthouse. 7.7 miles from docking off from Swampscott beach.
Almost 360 in 2D
Neville the turkey likes chasing after the golf cart. I wonder what would happen if he caught it!
There's nothing like having a big dog rub their face up against yours
What if Mario was a Gen 2 Pokemon Trainer?
Basket Tosses by my all girl adult cheer team
Ukrainian body armor self-test.
Just wanting to ride the scooter
Went out for a drive today
How to rub your...
Opposing Emotions
Justice Clarence Thomas’s megadonor friend collects Hitler memorabilia – report | Clarence Thomas
Uvalde parent forcibly removed from school as students protest gun violence
Police union director fired after opioid smuggling arrest
Ben Ferencz, last surviving Nuremberg prosecutor, dies at 103
Hospital: Treatment, discharge of woman who died appropriate
Ex-cop, a former prison cellmate of Jeffrey Epstein, convicted for murdering 4 men
Alameda County DA disqualifies veteran judge from hearing criminal cases
Pentagon investigating how Ukraine war document marked top-secret appeared online
Car owner sues Tesla over alleged intrusion of privacy
Intelligence leak exposes U.S. spying on adversaries and allies
Rachel Pollack, trans activist and comic book writer, dies aged 77
Trammell Crow Jr. Named in Human Trafficking Case
Last living Nuremberg prosecutor Ben Ferencz dies at 103
China military rehearses 'encircling' Taiwan after US Speaker visit
Canada opens investigation into AI firm behind ChatGPT
Christiana Mall in Delaware closed for shooting investigation: police
China jails man who scared chickens to death
‘Headed off the charts’: world’s ocean surface temperature hits record high
Federal judge halts FDA approval of abortion pill mifepristone
Fuels from Russian oil gets backdoor entry into Europe via India
Iran installs cameras in public places to identify, penalise unveiled women
Before Las Vegas mass shooting, a friend of the gunman implored him not to 'shoot or kill innocent people,' newspaper reports | CNN
Florida teacher fired after asking students to write their own obituaries on day of active shooter drill
AI Can Crack Most Common Passwords In Less Than A Minute
Active Shooter at the University of Oklahoma
Best of EarthPorn 2022 Award Thread
Would you hike here? Nelson Creek trail, West Vancouver, BC, Canada [OC][1667x2500]
Eastern Sierra Wildflower Super Bloom, revisited. [OC][4032x3024]
I hiked near Bishop, CA and came back with a new mobile wallpaper [OC, Michael Kwok] (3024x4032)
The Whirly Dirly. Senja, Norway. [3000x2002]. [OC]. Magical Norwegian nights, this place is so fun to visit in the winter.
Creek in a mossy redwood forest [4000×6000][OC]
Winter at Mount McKinley, AK March 2023. [OC][4652x2436]
Moab [OC] [5299x7945]
[OC] Infrared Reflections at Hopfensee (southern germany) [4037x2271]
Rainforest in Vancouver's North Shore Mountains, BC Canada [OC][2000x1821]
[OC]]2048x1365] Lonely tree on a hill in southern Germany
Grand Teton National Park [oc][3963x5944]
Random hillside, California. [OC][3024x4032]
Stone Bridge, Arnarstapi [5135*3115][OC]
In the Wallowa Mountains, Joseph, Oregon [OC][3024x4032]
Tonto National Forest Wildflower Superbloom [5422x3615] [OC]
The rocky shoreline of Montana de Oro State Park during a winter sunset, California[2048x1365][oc]
If we terraformed the moon, Upper Bidwell, California [OC] [4032 x 3024]
Boyeeghter Bay, Donegal. [OC] [1160 x 870]
Thor’s Well in Yachats, OR [1620x1080][OC]
Bray, Ireland [2604x4624] [OC]
Meschede, Germany [3000x4000] [OC]
Skye from Bealach na Ba, Scotland [OC] [3000x1996] @larsgebraad
Lupins blooming with giant sequoias towering overhead. Yosemite NP [OC] [4032 x 3024]
Fairyland shrubbery along the Mistérios Negros trail, Terceira, Azores [OC][4608x3456]
It’s possible that in the future everyone will be vegan and we’ll think of eating meat as a barbaric relic of the past.
Hanging out with your parents is third wheeling
Someone must have kept finding Clark Kent's clothes and glasses in random phone booths and closets
It’s weird how 71% of the earth is water and humans don’t have any distinct body part specially for swimming
Therapists and counselors know so many lonely people, all located in the same area, but can’t introduce those lonely people to one another without violating patient confidentiality rules.
When you bury your feet in the sand at the beach you are briefly wearing the Earth as shoes.
ChatGPT and AI is going to make us stupid, similar to how gps made us forget how to use maps
As we grow older, our phones’ contact lists become graveyard of contact infos of friends and family from the past that have grown apart from us.
Going bananas and going ape shit is the same thing
Rooms get smaller when you paint
Dirty dishes are gross but the thing that dirtied them was delicious
There’s a very real possibility that law enforcement and intelligence services might use Deepfake technology to make it appear that members of a criminal organization are confessing or placing blame on the interrogated thus placing urgency on and extracting real confessions from other members.
It costs money to buy fake money.
Science is our universe's magic system, but seeing how lazy people is when it comes to learning about it, it's obvious why on every fantasy world there are so few prodigies and protagonists
Sometimes you don’t know you’re a little too angry until you try and put on your seatbelt.
People used to complain that a college degree cost as much as a house so they just made houses way more expensive
It’s technically profitable for poor people to go to parties because of the free food.
Child celebrities get paid to pretend to have the childhoods we had.
People buy webcam covers for their laptops, but not for their phones
Shorter people take more steps on average than taller people in a lifetime
It must have been so nice to drive before cell phones were around.
The majority of us have not smelled actual rotten eggs
People that can't afford therapy are usually the ones that need it the most
There are sea creatures that must return above the water to breathe, but no land creatures that must return into the water to breathe.
Your date of birth has definitely been used by someone underage when accessing adult sites
AskScience Panel of Scientists XXVIII
[META] Bots and AI tools on r/askscience
Why do city pigeons so often have mutilated feet?
Why are there so many pre-modern human fossils from the past several million years, but very few pre-modern chimp or gorilla ones?
Why does wetting a scored mark on glass make it easier to break the glass cleanly?
Is the morphology between human faces significantly more or less varied than the faces of other species?
What happens to a piece of a neutron star?
Can we selectively breed cows to produce less methane?
Why are seashells shaped the way they are?
How costly is it to maintain a nuclear arsenal?
As you age hair sprouts in places it didn't grow - what's happening with the follicles? Are they new or dormant ones awakening?
Why does alcohol kill all germs? Are there any extremophile bacteria that can live in alcohol?
How did/do we classify poisonous food/chemicals?
How does Naegleria Fowleri defeat the immune system and why can it?
How sensitive is human taste compared to other animals?
Do IQ points stack or is there such a thing as a group IQ?
Does properly stored water ever expire?
Why do you hear styrofoam noises in your airpods when lightning strikes nearby?
Were there any venomous dinosaurs?
What does having a good sense of smell actually mean?
What is the blue pigment in mandarinfish?
Has the planet increased in size over time?
When did people work out the mass of the Sun with reasonable precision?
When electrons flow through Ferredoxins, do other substances, say iron-sulfur proteins, affect the flow of said electrons or the metabolism of said organism?
Hey, are there examples in the literature of using machine learning to find patterns of big animal migration, like deer?
This subreddit is closed for new posts and comments. For future updates, announcements, and news related to Reddit Inc. and the platform, please visit r/reddit.
Updates on Reddit talk, mod tools, image editing, and… we’re moving!
Announcing Blocking Updates
Several people are typing… Updates on scrolling bananas, animations, naming servers, and (you guessed it) typing indicators
Reddit Recap 2021
More improvements for Reddit search and a few small bug fixes
Extra Life, links on profiles, Reddit Talk on the web, and moderator bug fixes
Post insights, subreddit swag, predictions, and Modmail’s gone to the Dark(Mode) side
Commenting on archived posts, images in chat, and classes for mods
Opt out of followers, front-end improvements to Reddit search, and an experiment to inspire new communities
Safety updates, automod improvements, and pilot programs taking off
Chat improvements, a progress report on Reddit Search, and a very special episode about the new video player
A better Best, Reddit in new languages, and more
Introducing Reddit in new languages
Evolving the Best Sort for Reddit’s Home Feed
New opportunities, discoveries, and updates from across the platform
New web icons, a mobile moderation test, and a roundup of smaller updates and bug fixes
New updates to help moderators, your monthly avatar gear drop, the follower list rollout, and small tests and bug fixes
Testing, testing… GIFs in chat, following specific threads, and recently viewed communities
Control over your followers, spring avatar gear, a sneak peek into new audio talks, a heads up on API changes, and a... doge head
You want a better Reddit search? Ok, we’re on it. Learn about upcoming search improvements, recent mod tool updates, notification tests, and more
Video player’s gonna play, Modmail’s looking good these days, and this new avatar gear is super fresh
Online status controls, a new display for user flair, and more notification improvements
Welcome messages, a better way to build your avatar, and default muting for videos
Simplified posts, feature glow ups, and continued notification work
Bots and AI generated answers on r/explainlikeimfive
ELI5 why there is nothing like a "verified checkmark" for E-Mails of real companies like PayPal to distinguish their E-Mails from scams
ELI5: How do chickens lay so many eggs?
ELI5: How do dishwashers remove E Coli and other organics from our dishes. Are they really safe.
ELI5: If humans have been in our current form for 250,000 years, why did it take so long for us to progress yet once it began it's in hyperspeed?
ELI5: Why was Y2K specifically a big deal if computers actually store their numbers in binary? Why would a significant decimal date have any impact on a binary number?
ELI5: Aside from being illegal, what keeps people from flying drones into major events?
ELI5: Why is it that when we cover both of our ears, we hear an ominous noise?
ELI5: How do the rich use debt to get richer?
ELI5: Why are there no actual videos of any hundreds of feet high tsunamis?
eli5 service vans
ELI5: How do mimic octopuses learn to mimic other animals?
ELI5 What are the green, sometimes red colorful blobs we see in our eyes after staring at something bright or rubbing them?
ELi5: How does the CANbus system work in a car?
Eli5; Why do the distinct volume options between Windows, the sound system, and whichever program is running, result in wildly different sound intensity?
eli5 why do wine bottles do that little indent at the bottom of the bottle
ELI5: Are lacrosse teams just allowed to use a tall and obese person who covers the entire net as a goalie?
ELI5: How do trees know it’s time to blossom and grow leaves?
ELI5: Why do some companies do anti-consumer practices? Doesn't that hurt their reputation?
eli5: what is the death of the author?
ELI5: How do Tums(and other Antacids) “work” after eating a hearty meal?
ELI5: Why is it healthy for a country economy to have some degree of inflation?
ELI5: What does alcohol do to our body and what is "drunk"?
ELI5 why can infants not have water but using it to make formula is ok?
ELI5: How do we know what Soviet countries were responsible for what? Food production, defense, et al. Where can I find a breakdown from during the Cold War?
Reposts...
Let's discuss spam, spammers, and the spamming spammers who spam.
On day six of the Creation, God announced to his archangel underlings, "Today we're creating a place called Canada.
3 drunk guys entered a taxi
Rest in peace, boiling water.
Wife: Am I the only one you've ever slept with?
What’s the difference between a prostitute and Jesus?
What do you call a pastry that is yummy, tasty, and delicious?
What is the most dangerous type of canoes?
I am not sure how I feel about having toast for breakfast.
The wife walks up to the husband.
While sailing, I had trouble navigating the waters between Russia and Alaska.
I was stranded on an island with nothing but dark red grass, dark red sand, dark red trees everything was darkred.
What’s the difference between a poorly dressed man on a tricycle and a well-dressed man on a bicycle?
Barber shop
Why did the coffee file a police report?
One Easter Sunday, a man goes to church and returns home with two black eyes.
Before you go around posting “He has risen”
Guys are now sending dirty pics against a background of the night sky with star trails.
How many South Americans does it take to change a light bulb?
Do you know why there qre so many Chuck Norris jokes, but not many Bruce Lee ones?
I heard a great joke about elevators
I told my wife she was pretty and she just yawned.
Did you hear about the guy who escaped a firing squad only to fall into a vat of boiling oil?
Mickey and Minnie were in court...
The /r/books Book Club Selection + AMA for April is " Sea of Tranquility" by Emily St. John Mandel
Weekly Recommendation Thread: April 07, 2023
Denise Lajimodiere is named North Dakota's first Native American poet laureate
[Lolita spoilers] The genre "unreliable storyteller" reveals who has critical thinking and who does not.
As Classic Novels Get Revised for Today’s Readers, a Debate About Where to Draw the Line
Why Slaughterhouse Five is the perfect piece of art
‘With the Old Breed’ is the greatest war memoir I’ve ever read.
What is your favorite graphic novel? I recently read Persepolis and enjoyed it quite a bit.
Would you consider American Gods to be magical realism? Why or why not?
Alternative to Pop Science
How much do authors actually make?
Words that describe something as characteristic of a writer
Why aren't books illustrated anymore?
The secret History
What is a book you love that everyone else seems to hate?
What does this joke mean? (Lara williams’s supper club)
Why do people leave reviews for specific books in the reviews section of the App Store for the audible app?
Any way to get over “competitive” reading?
Just finished reading "The Social Climber"!
I’ve just finished Wuthering Heights and I have some thoughts
Flowers for Algernon
Family unfriendly violence and death in children's literature.
“Yes to Life” analysis
Spy x Family #9 was the bestselling book in America last week
Florida high school pulls graphic novel adaptation of Anne Frank’s diary, saying it is ‘not age appropriate’
General Feedback/Getting Started Questions and Answers [Weekly Thread]
Headphone overhaul after 15 years.
DIY Solitaire Chess - Weekend scrap project
Can we remove part of a raised foyer? pics inside
How can I fix this recliner that doesn’t recline?
LED Strip 90-Degree Connectors
am I going to have to buy a mitre saw to get perfect 90° cuts? I'm trying to frame a table and it just isn't lining up.
My Water mitigation /flood damage Basement journey
Why is my fresh paint peeling and cracking
Building a giant banana sculpture using an inflatable kayak as a mold
Bathroom remodel electrical code advice needed
Should i seal the wooden table i am building for my balcony before or after assembly? google results are conflicted and I am confused
How deep should fence posts be set? I just sunk 28 posts for a 3 foot post above ground. Some of my posts are only down 12-14 inches and I’m concerned my fence will be compromised in the winter.
what are these cracks on my ceiling?
Stuck shower valve stem nut
Yet another smart switch wiring help request.
Backyard Outdoor Fireplace Tips/Advice?
Does anyone have advice on how to put this wheel thingie back on the track 🥲
Advice for safely hanging a gazebo fan in an apartment's bedroom.
Need to cut this cast iron fence post flush with ground. What would you use
Best Curtain Rod for Brick Window Arch?
Collection tray - watertight seal
Does anyone know how to remove a build-in shower?
Pergola Posts on a concrete slab and surround brick kitchen. How to?
Drilling through a broken drill bit
21 million subscribers looking for the real tip in the comments!
LPT: If you have trouble keeping up laundry, dishes, clutter - have less stuff, not more. Buying more clothes/dishes/etc will just end up in a bigger dirty pile that’s even more intimidating to clean or organize. Throw stuff away if you have to.
LPT: Dont tell your friends how much money you have, not even your closest friends
LPT: If you ever find yourself in the position of potentially being put on a PiP (performance improvement plan) at your job, participate, but start looking elsewhere.
LPT Request: When starting a new job, what are a few habits that one should prioritize forming before ‘settling in’?
LPT: Buy hearing protection
LPT: Struggle with your thoughts and self esteem? Give your mind a name other than your own
LPT: say you're sorry before it is too late
LPT Request: How to disagree with a boss' idea?
LPT: Install all software in English
LPT Request: how do you leave when someone is talking too much?
LPT: Ignoring dental health will worsen your stress and may damage your brain
LPT: turn off your read receipts, last online and online status on WhatsApp for peace of mind
LPT Request: How to get taken seriously and not get bullied while being short?
LPT: if you are bringing food to a party, do not expect to have access to the host’s stove or oven unless you coordinated with the host well in advance. It’s always better to bring the food that’s already cooked and warmed up.
LPT request: how do you keep your spare sheets smelling fresh?
LPT: You can make get the same effect as a sunrise alarm with a smart RGB LED light bulb and any smart home routine.
LPT Request - polite way to not tell a co-worker why you're leaving our what job you're going to?
LPT: If you love somebody, let them know.
LPT: do black out curtains mess with your sleep cycle
LPT Request: How to build mental toughness? Stuck in the trap of inaction
LPT Request- What are clear signs that a friendship is dying?
LPT request: I want to move out of my parent's house. any tips?
LPT Request: How do I not turn red when speaking in front of people?
LPT: Fail Faster, Succeed Sooner
[Homemade] cartoon cake slice
[homemade] Easter weekend buttermilk pancakes
[Homemade] Ham and Cheese Omelet with Potatoes
[Homemade] Buttermilk Fried Chicken, Cheddar Biscuits, and Garlic Mashed Potatoes
[homemade] Pepperoni Pizza with Serrano Peppers
[homemade] sour dough vanilla pudding cake, Earl grey custard ice cream, berries
[Homemade] Pastas with peppers, cream, garlic, parsley and parmesan cheese
[Homemade] Chicken Fried Steak with Heart Attack Mashed Potatoes
[Homemade] Egg fried rice
[homemade] peanut butter/bunny cups
[Homemade] Introducing the Grilled Threese
[Homemade] 10 pounds of sweet Italian sausage
[Homemade] Shakshuka
[Homemade] Carrot Cake
[Homemade] Potato fritters with sour cream.
I’m a father of 4 and today I came home early so decided to surprise my little angels with a home cooked meal for them. [homemade]
[homemade] butter chicken
[homemade] Bunny Orange Cinnamon Rolls for Easter Weekend!
[homemade] dry brined oven wings with homemade blue cheese dip
Sourdough carrot cake cinnamon rolls [pro/chef]
[homemade] Detroit Style Pizza
[Homemade] Avocado toast with spicy honey baked sweet potato, fried egg, and crispy kale
[homemade] twice smoked spiral ham with a glaze
[homemade] night before Easter grazing board
[Homemade] Air-fried Philly Cheesesteak Egg Rolls
